#EXTM3U x-tvg-url="https://iptv-org.github.io/epg/guides/my/astro.com.my.epg.xml,https://iptv-org.github.io/epg/guides/in/dishtv.in.epg.xml,https://iptv-org.github.io/epg/guides/id-en/mncvision.id.epg.xml,https://iptv-org.github.io/epg/guides/id-id/mncvision.id.epg.xml,https://iptv-org.github.io/epg/guides/id/vidio.com.epg.xml,https://iptv-org.github.io/epg/guides/id/transvision.co.id.epg.xml,https://iptv-org.github.io/epg/guides/pt/meo.pt.epg.xml,https://iptv-org.github.io/epg/guides/es/programacion-tv.elpais.com.epg.xml,https://iptv-org.github.io/epg/guides/qa-ar/beinsports.com.epg.xml,https://iptv-org.github.io/epg/guides/qa-en/beinsports.com.epg.xml,https://iptv-org.github.io/epg/guides/ph/clickthecity.com.epg.xml,https://iptv-org.github.io/epg/guides/my/beinsports.com.epg.xml,https://iptv-org.github.io/epg/guides/kr/seezntv.com.epg.xml,https://iptv-org.github.io/epg/guides/fr/canalplus.com.epg.xml,https://iptv-org.github.io/epg/guides/fr/beinsports.com.epg.xml,https://iptv-org.github.io/epg/guides/au/ontvtonight.com.epg.xml,https://iptv-org.github.io/epg/guides/th/tv.trueid.net.epg.xml,https://iptv-org.github.io/epg/guides/th/beinsports.com.epg.xml,https://iptv-org.github.io/epg/guides/my/beinsports.com.epg.xml,https://iptv-org.github.io/epg/guides/kr/wavve.com.epg.xml,https://iptv-org.github.io/epg/guides/it/guidatv.sky.it.epg.xml,https://iptv-org.github.io/epg/guides/uk/bt.com.epg.xml,https://iptv-org.github.io/epg/guides/uk/sky.com.epg.xml,https://iptv-org.github.io/epg/guides/tr/digiturk.com.tr.epg.xml,https://iptv-org.github.io/epg/guides/gr/cosmote.gr.epg.xml,https://iptv-org.github.io/epg/guides/us/directv.com.epg.xml,https://iptv-org.github.io/epg/guides/us/tvguide.com.epg.xml,https://iptv-org.github.io/epg/guides/us-en/beinsports.com.epg.xml,https://iptv-org.github.io/epg/guides/us-es/beinsports.com.epg.xml,https://iptv-org.github.io/epg/guides/mx/gatotv.com.epg.xml,https://iptv-org.github.io/epg/guides/rs/tvarenasport.com.epg.xml,https://iptv-org.github.io/epg/guides/ro/programetv.ro.epg.xml,https://iptv-org.github.io/epg/guides/pl/programtv.onet.pl.epg.xml,https://iptv-org.github.io/epg/guides/ca/tvtv.us.epg.xml,https://iptv-org.github.io/epg/guides/de/hd-plus.de.epg.xml,https://iptv-org.github.io/epg/guides/ar/mi.tv.epg.xml,https://iptv-org.github.io/epg/guides/br/mi.tv.epg.xml,https://iptv-org.github.io/epg/guides/hr/maxtv.hrvatskitelekom.hr.epg.xml,https://iptv-org.github.io/epg/guides/hk-en/nowplayer.now.com.epg.xml,https://iptv-org.github.io/epg/guides/hk-zh/nowplayer.now.com.epg.xml,https://iptv-org.github.io/epg/guides/es/movistarplus.es.epg.xml,https://iptv-org.github.io/epg/guides/qa-ar/osn.com.epg.xml,https://iptv-org.github.io/epg/guides/qa-en/osn.com.epg.xml,https://iptv-org.github.io/epg/guides/ec/gatotv.com.epg.xml,https://iptv-org.github.io/epg/guides/za/guide.dstv.com.epg.xml"

########################## NATIONAL TV ##########################

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MjhkOWZkZjYtOGViOC0zNTkzLWFhOWEtNGFhMzJkMDk3NGE2
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-name="" tvg-logo="" group-title="NATIONAL TV" group-title="NATIONAL TV" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_80.png",RCTI
https://live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/RCTI-DD/sa_dash_vmx/RCTI-DD.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MjhkOWZkZjYtOGViOC0zNTkzLWFhOWEtNGFhMzJkMDk3NGE2
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="NATIONAL TV" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_81.png",GTV
https://live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/GTV-HD/sa_dash_vmx/GTV-HD.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MjhkOWZkZjYtOGViOC0zNTkzLWFhOWEtNGFhMzJkMDk3NGE2
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="NATIONAL TV" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_82.png",MNC TV
https://live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/MNCTV-HD/sa_dash_vmx/MNCTV-HD.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MjhkOWZkZjYtOGViOC0zNTkzLWFhOWEtNGFhMzJkMDk3NGE2
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="NATIONAL TV" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_83.png",iNews
https://live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/iNewsTV-HDD/sa_dash_vmx/iNewsTV-HDD.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MjhkOWZkZjYtOGViOC0zNTkzLWFhOWEtNGFhMzJkMDk3NGE2
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="NATIONAL TV" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_115.png",ANTV
https://live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/ANTV/sa_dash_vmx/ANTV.mpd

#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=Mozilla/5.0 (QtEmbedded; U; Linux; C) AppleWebKit/533.3 (KHTML, like Gecko) MAG200 stbapp ver: 2 rev: 250 Safari/533.3
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MjhkOWZkZjYtOGViOC0zNTkzLWFhOWEtNGFhMzJkMDk3NGE2
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://www.useetv.com/pimages/logo_indosiar_small1.png" group-title="NATIONAL TV", Indosiar
http://tvn.x10.mx/1/master-11.m3u8?dl=1

#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=Mozilla/5.0 (QtEmbedded; U; Linux; C) AppleWebKit/533.3 (KHTML, like Gecko) MAG200 stbapp ver: 2 rev: 250 Safari/533.3
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MjhkOWZkZjYtOGViOC0zNTkzLWFhOWEtNGFhMzJkMDk3NGE2
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://www.useetv.com/pimages/logo_sctv_small1.png" group-title="NATIONAL TV", SCTV
http://210.210.155.35/qwr9ew/s/s03/index.m3u8?app_type=web&userid=50n13N0v14nd1&tkn=829341hrjhaq0q30q&chname=SCTV
http://tvn.x10.mx/1/master-12.m3u8?dl=1

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MjhkOWZkZjYtOGViOC0zNTkzLWFhOWEtNGFhMzJkMDk3NGE2
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="NATIONAL TV" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_87.png",Trans TV
https://live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/TransTV-2/sa_dash_vmx/TransTV-2.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MjhkOWZkZjYtOGViOC0zNTkzLWFhOWEtNGFhMzJkMDk3NGE2
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="NATIONAL TV" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_110.png",Trans 7
https://live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/Trans7-2/sa_dash_vmx/Trans7-2.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MjhkOWZkZjYtOGViOC0zNTkzLWFhOWEtNGFhMzJkMDk3NGE2
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="NATIONAL TV" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_116.jpg",NET
https://live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/NetTV-HD/sa_dash_vmx/NetTV-HD.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MjhkOWZkZjYtOGViOC0zNTkzLWFhOWEtNGFhMzJkMDk3NGE2
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="NATIONAL TV" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/tvone.png",TVOne
https://live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/TVOne/sa_dash_vmx/TVOne.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MjhkOWZkZjYtOGViOC0zNTkzLWFhOWEtNGFhMzJkMDk3NGE2
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="NATIONAL TV" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/metro_tv.png",Metro TV
https://live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/Metro-TV2/sa_dash_vmx/Metro-TV2.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MjhkOWZkZjYtOGViOC0zNTkzLWFhOWEtNGFhMzJkMDk3NGE2
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="NATIONAL TV" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_106.png",Kompas TV
https://live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/KompasTV/sa_dash_vmx/KompasTV.mpd

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="NATIONAL TV" tvg-logo="https://www.lyngsat.com/logo/tv/cc/cnn_id.png",CNN Indonesia
https://live.cnnindonesia.com/livecnn/smil:cnntv.smil/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="NATIONAL TV" tvg-logo="https://www.lyngsat.com/logo/tv/cc/cmbc-indonesia-us-id.png",CNBC Indonesia
https://live.cnbcindonesia.com/livecnbc/smil:cnbctv.smil/master.m3u8

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MjhkOWZkZjYtOGViOC0zNTkzLWFhOWEtNGFhMzJkMDk3NGE2
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="NATIONAL TV" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_336.png",SEA Today
https://live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/SEA-Channel/sa_dash_vmx/SEA-Channel.mpd

#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=Mozilla/5.0 (QtEmbedded; U; Linux; C) AppleWebKit/533.3 (KHTML, like Gecko) MAG200 stbapp ver: 2 rev: 250 Safari/533.3
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MjhkOWZkZjYtOGViOC0zNTkzLWFhOWEtNGFhMzJkMDk3NGE2
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" group-title="NATIONAL TV",METRO GLOBE NETWORK
https://edge.medcom.id/live-edge/smil:mgnch.smil/playlist.m3u8

#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=Mozilla/5.0 (QtEmbedded; U; Linux; C) AppleWebKit/533.3 (KHTML, like Gecko) MAG200 stbapp ver: 2 rev: 250 Safari/533.3
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MjhkOWZkZjYtOGViOC0zNTkzLWFhOWEtNGFhMzJkMDk3NGE2
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="NATIONAL TV" tvg-logo="https://www.lyngsat.com/logo/tv/mm/magna-channel-id.png",Magna Channel
https://edge.medcom.id/live-edge/smil:magna.smil/playlist.m3u8

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MjhkOWZkZjYtOGViOC0zNTkzLWFhOWEtNGFhMzJkMDk3NGE2
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="NATIONAL TV" tvg-logo="https://www.lyngsat.com/logo/tv/rr/rajawali_tv_id.png",Rajawali TV
https://live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/RTV/sa_dash_vmx/RTV.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MjhkOWZkZjYtOGViOC0zNTkzLWFhOWEtNGFhMzJkMDk3NGE2
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="NATIONAL TV" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_118.jpg",TVRI Nasional
https://live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/PemersatuBangsa/sa_dash_vmx/PemersatuBangsa.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MjhkOWZkZjYtOGViOC0zNTkzLWFhOWEtNGFhMzJkMDk3NGE2
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="NATIONAL TV" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_113.jpg",Jak TV
https://live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/JakTV/sa_dash_vmx/JakTV.mpd

#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=Mozilla/5.0 (QtEmbedded; U; Linux; C) AppleWebKit/533.3 (KHTML, like Gecko) MAG200 stbapp ver: 2 rev: 250 Safari/533.3
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MjhkOWZkZjYtOGViOC0zNTkzLWFhOWEtNGFhMzJkMDk3NGE2
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Erz.mnctv" tvg-logo="https://static.mncnow.id/images/channel/79b8e2c9-bdb.png" group-title="NATIONAL TV", RTV
https://live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/RTV/sa_dash_vmx/RTV.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MjhkOWZkZjYtOGViOC0zNTkzLWFhOWEtNGFhMzJkMDk3NGE2
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="NATIONAL TV" tvg-logo="https://www.lyngsat.com/logo/tv/jj/jtv_id.png",JTV
https://live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/JTV/sa_dash_vmx/JTV.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MjhkOWZkZjYtOGViOC0zNTkzLWFhOWEtNGFhMzJkMDk3NGE2
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="NATIONAL TV" tvg-logo="https://www.lyngsat.com/logo/tv/bb/bali_tv_id.png",Bali TV
https://live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/BaliTV_Timeshift/sa_dash_timeshift/BaliTV_Timeshift.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MjhkOWZkZjYtOGViOC0zNTkzLWFhOWEtNGFhMzJkMDk3NGE2
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="NATIONAL TV" tvg-logo="https://www.lyngsat.com/logo/tv/dd/da-ai-tv-indonesia-tw-in.png",Da Ai TV Indonesia
https://live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/DAAITV/sa_dash_vmx/DAAITV.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MjhkOWZkZjYtOGViOC0zNTkzLWFhOWEtNGFhMzJkMDk3NGE2
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="NATIONAL TV" tvg-logo="https://www.lyngsat.com/logo/tv/bb/bandung_tv_id.png",Bandung TV
https://live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/BandungTV/sa_dash_vmx/BandungTV.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MjhkOWZkZjYtOGViOC0zNTkzLWFhOWEtNGFhMzJkMDk3NGE2
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="NATIONAL TV" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_103.jpg",Berita Satu News
https://live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/BeritaSatu/sa_dash_vmx/BeritaSatu.mpd

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="NATIONAL TV" tvg-logo="https://www.lyngsat.com/logo/tv/bb/berita-satu-news-channel-id.png",Berita Satu News World
https://b1world.beritasatumedia.com/Beritasatu/B1World_manifest.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="NATIONAL TV" tvg-logo="https://www.lyngsat.com/logo/tv/bb/berita-satu-news-channel-id.png",Berita Satu News English
https://b1english.beritasatumedia.com/Beritasatu/B1English_manifest.m3u8

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MjhkOWZkZjYtOGViOC0zNTkzLWFhOWEtNGFhMzJkMDk3NGE2
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="NATIONAL TV" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_84.png",MNC News
https://live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/MNCnews-HDD/sa_dash_vmx/MNCnews-HDD.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MjhkOWZkZjYtOGViOC0zNTkzLWFhOWEtNGFhMzJkMDk3NGE2
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="NATIONAL TV" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/iBcm_IDX.jpg",IDX Channel
https://live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/IDX/sa_dash_vmx/IDX.mpd

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-country="ID" tvg-language="" tvg-logo="" group-title="NATIONAL TV",The Indonesia Channel
https://cdn3.wowza.com/1/NEtzTTZ4c1FTTUN2/SkJBbVJs/hls/live/playlist.m3u8

########################## NEWS ##########################

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MjhkOWZkZjYtOGViOC0zNTkzLWFhOWEtNGFhMzJkMDk3NGE2
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="NEWS" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_332.jpg",BBC World News Asia Pacific
https://live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/BBCWorldNews/sa_dash_vmx/BBCWorldNews.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MjhkOWZkZjYtOGViOC0zNTkzLWFhOWEtNGFhMzJkMDk3NGE2
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="NEWS" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/cnn_new.jpg",CNN International Asia Pacific
https://live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/CNNInternational/sa_dash_vmx/CNNInternational.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MjhkOWZkZjYtOGViOC0zNTkzLWFhOWEtNGFhMzJkMDk3NGE2
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="NEWS" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/aljazeera.png",Aljazeera English
https://live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/AlJazeeraInternational/sa_dash_vmx/AlJazeeraInternational.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MjhkOWZkZjYtOGViOC0zNTkzLWFhOWEtNGFhMzJkMDk3NGE2
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="NEWS" tvg-logo="https://www.lyngsat.com/logo/tv/ee/euronews_fr.png",EuroNews English
https://live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/EuroNews/sa_dash_vmx/EuroNews.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MjhkOWZkZjYtOGViOC0zNTkzLWFhOWEtNGFhMzJkMDk3NGE2
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="NEWS" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/fox_news_channel.png",Fox News Channel
https://live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/FoxNews/sa_dash_vmx/FoxNews.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MjhkOWZkZjYtOGViOC0zNTkzLWFhOWEtNGFhMzJkMDk3NGE2
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="NEWS" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/france_150px.jpg",France 24 English
https://live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/France24/sa_dash_vmx/France24.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MjhkOWZkZjYtOGViOC0zNTkzLWFhOWEtNGFhMzJkMDk3NGE2
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="NEWS" tvg-logo="https://www.lyngsat.com/logo/tv/rr/rt_ru_english.png",RT English
https://live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/RTEnglish/sa_dash_vmx/RTEnglish.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MjhkOWZkZjYtOGViOC0zNTkzLWFhOWEtNGFhMzJkMDk3NGE2
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="NEWS" tvg-logo="https://www.lyngsat.com/logo/tv/tt/trt_world_tr.png",TRT World
https://live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/TRTWorld/sa_dash_vmx/TRTWorld.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MjhkOWZkZjYtOGViOC0zNTkzLWFhOWEtNGFhMzJkMDk3NGE2
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/ydxMLn71/Aljazeera.png" group-title="NEWS",Al Jazeera Arabic
http://210.210.155.35/qwr9ew/s/s16/index.m3u8?app_type=web&userid=50n13N0v14nd1&tkn=829341hrjhaq0q30q&chname=Al_Jazeera_Arabic

#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=Mozilla/5.0 (QtEmbedded; U; Linux; C) AppleWebKit/533.3 (KHTML, like Gecko) MAG200 stbapp ver: 2 rev: 250 Safari/533.3
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MjhkOWZkZjYtOGViOC0zNTkzLWFhOWEtNGFhMzJkMDk3NGE2
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" group-title="NEWS" tvg-logo="", WION (World is One News)
http://210.210.155.35/uq2663/h/h91/index2.m3u8?app_type=web&userid=50n13N0v14nd1&tkn=829341hrjhaq0q30q&chname=WION

#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=Mozilla/5.0 (QtEmbedded; U; Linux; C) AppleWebKit/533.3 (KHTML, like Gecko) MAG200 stbapp ver: 2 rev: 250 Safari/533.3
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MjhkOWZkZjYtOGViOC0zNTkzLWFhOWEtNGFhMzJkMDk3NGE2
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" group-title="NEWS" tvg-logo="", CCTV-4
http://210.210.155.35/qwr9ew/s/s19/index.m3u8?app_type=web&userid=50n13N0v14nd1&tkn=829341hrjhaq0q30q&chname=CCTV-4

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MjhkOWZkZjYtOGViOC0zNTkzLWFhOWEtNGFhMzJkMDk3NGE2
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="NEWS" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/bloomberg.png",Bloomberg TV Asia
https://live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/Bloomberg/sa_dash_vmx/Bloomberg.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MjhkOWZkZjYtOGViOC0zNTkzLWFhOWEtNGFhMzJkMDk3NGE2
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="NEWS" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_353.png",CGTN
https://live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/CGTN/sa_dash_vmx/CGTN.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MjhkOWZkZjYtOGViOC0zNTkzLWFhOWEtNGFhMzJkMDk3NGE2
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="NEWS" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_330.png",CNA
https://live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/ChannelNewsAsia/sa_dash_vmx/ChannelNewsAsia.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MjhkOWZkZjYtOGViOC0zNTkzLWFhOWEtNGFhMzJkMDk3NGE2
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="NEWS" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/cnbc.png",CNBC Asia-Pacific
https://live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/CNBC/sa_dash_vmx/CNBC.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MjhkOWZkZjYtOGViOC0zNTkzLWFhOWEtNGFhMzJkMDk3NGE2
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="NEWS" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_357.png",DW English
https://live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/DW/sa_dash_vmx/DW.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MjhkOWZkZjYtOGViOC0zNTkzLWFhOWEtNGFhMzJkMDk3NGE2
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="NEWS" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_355.jpeg",NHK World Japan
https://live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/NHKWorldTV/sa_dash_vmx/NHKWorldTV.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MjhkOWZkZjYtOGViOC0zNTkzLWFhOWEtNGFhMzJkMDk3NGE2
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="NEWS" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/nhk_150.png",NHK World Premium
https://live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/NHKWorldPremium/sa_dash_vmx/NHKWorldPremium.mpd



########################## ENTERTAINMENT ##########################

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MjhkOWZkZjYtOGViOC0zNTkzLWFhOWEtNGFhMzJkMDk3NGE2
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="ENTERTAINMENT" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/axn_150x150.jpg",AXN East Asia
https://live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/AXN/sa_dash_vmx/AXN.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MjhkOWZkZjYtOGViOC0zNTkzLWFhOWEtNGFhMzJkMDk3NGE2
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="ENTERTAINMENT" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/warner_tv.png",Warner TV Southeast Asia
https://live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/WarnerTV/sa_dash_vmx/WarnerTV.mpd

#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=Mozilla/5.0 (QtEmbedded; U; Linux; C) AppleWebKit/533.3 (KHTML, like Gecko) MAG200 stbapp ver: 2 rev: 250 Safari/533.3
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MjhkOWZkZjYtOGViOC0zNTkzLWFhOWEtNGFhMzJkMDk3NGE2
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://lh4.googleusercontent.com/c_C1GXpVRGgNbBzXTaHeYGp_emNHDlMPLqPJ6PF8vUCawVWz7GYPnPHBdP3LiYLQm6X_WxFT8QXydJ9AR5omOaI7udB1YP-arIii3m1SstIJdr5l3U9fo2Ce5v9rBMxM-Q=w1280" group-title="ENTERTAINMENT",Rock_Extreme
http://210.210.155.35/dr9445/h/h15/index10.m3u8?app_type=web&userid=50n13N0v14nd1&tkn=829341hrjhaq0q30q&chname=ROCK_Extreme_HD

#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=Mozilla/5.0 (QtEmbedded; U; Linux; C) AppleWebKit/533.3 (KHTML, like Gecko) MAG200 stbapp ver: 2 rev: 250 Safari/533.3
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MjhkOWZkZjYtOGViOC0zNTkzLWFhOWEtNGFhMzJkMDk3NGE2
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://lh4.googleusercontent.com/c_C1GXpVRGgNbBzXTaHeYGp_emNHDlMPLqPJ6PF8vUCawVWz7GYPnPHBdP3LiYLQm6X_WxFT8QXydJ9AR5omOaI7udB1YP-arIii3m1SstIJdr5l3U9fo2Ce5v9rBMxM-Q=w1280" group-title="ENTERTAINMENT",Rock_Enter
http://210.210.155.35/dr9445/h/h16/index10.m3u8?app_type=web&userid=50n13N0v14nd1&tkn=829341hrjhaq0q30q&chname=ROCK_Entertainment_HD

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MjhkOWZkZjYtOGViOC0zNTkzLWFhOWEtNGFhMzJkMDk3NGE2
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/108ypnN/149-1496926-paramount-channel-france-png-download-paramount-channel-logo.png" group-title="ENTERTAINMENT" tvg-id="" tvg-name="", Paramount
http://iptvid.my.id/hmm/paramount.m3u8

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MjhkOWZkZjYtOGViOC0zNTkzLWFhOWEtNGFhMzJkMDk3NGE2
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="ENTERTAINMENT" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/KIX_LOGO_150x150.jpg",KIX
https://live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/KIX/sa_dash_vmx/KIX.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MjhkOWZkZjYtOGViOC0zNTkzLWFhOWEtNGFhMzJkMDk3NGE2
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="ENTERTAINMENT" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_164.png",ONE
https://live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/SetOne/sa_dash_vmx/SetOne.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MjhkOWZkZjYtOGViOC0zNTkzLWFhOWEtNGFhMzJkMDk3NGE2
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="ENTERTAINMENT" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_0.png",TVN Premium Indonesia
https://live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/tvN/sa_dash_vmx/tvN.mpd

#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=Mozilla/5.0 (QtEmbedded; U; Linux; C) AppleWebKit/533.3 (KHTML, like Gecko) MAG200 stbapp ver: 2 rev: 250 Safari/533.3
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MjhkOWZkZjYtOGViOC0zNTkzLWFhOWEtNGFhMzJkMDk3NGE2
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/1Xqf12P/Kplus.png?v=1.0.0.1" group-title="ENTERTAINMENT" tvg-id="K-Plus HD" tvg-name="K-Plus HD", Kplus
http://210.210.155.35/uq2663/h/h08/index.m3u8?app_type=web&userid=50n13N0v14nd1&tkn=829341hrjhaq0q30q&chname=K-PLUS_HD

#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=Mozilla/5.0 (QtEmbedded; U; Linux; C) AppleWebKit/533.3 (KHTML, like Gecko) MAG200 stbapp ver: 2 rev: 250 Safari/533.3
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MjhkOWZkZjYtOGViOC0zNTkzLWFhOWEtNGFhMzJkMDk3NGE2
#EXTINF:-1  tvg-id="ext" group-title="ENTERTAINMENT" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/rGTHbAM.png",GEM
http://210.210.155.35/uq2663/h/h19/index10.m3u8?app_type=web&userid=50n13N0v14nd1&tkn=829341hrjhaq0q30q&chname=GEM_HD

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MjhkOWZkZjYtOGViOC0zNTkzLWFhOWEtNGFhMzJkMDk3NGE2
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="ENTERTAINMENT" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_160.jpg",HITS
https://live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/HITS/sa_dash_vmx/HITS.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MjhkOWZkZjYtOGViOC0zNTkzLWFhOWEtNGFhMzJkMDk3NGE2
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="ENTERTAINMENT" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_86.png",MNC Entertainment
https://live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/MNCEntertainment/sa_dash_vmx/MNCEntertainment.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MjhkOWZkZjYtOGViOC0zNTkzLWFhOWEtNGFhMzJkMDk3NGE2
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="ENTERTAINMENT" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_96.png",MNC Infotainment
https://live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/MNCInfotainment/sa_dash_vmx/MNCInfotainment.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MjhkOWZkZjYtOGViOC0zNTkzLWFhOWEtNGFhMzJkMDk3NGE2
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="ENTERTAINMENT" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_95.png",OK TV
https://live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/OKTV/sa_dash_vmx/OKTV.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MjhkOWZkZjYtOGViOC0zNTkzLWFhOWEtNGFhMzJkMDk3NGE2
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="ENTERTAINMENT" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_94.png",Vision Prime
https://live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/VisionPrime/sa_dash_vmx/VisionPrime.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MjhkOWZkZjYtOGViOC0zNTkzLWFhOWEtNGFhMzJkMDk3NGE2
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="ENTERTAINMENT" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/150x150fmn.jpg",FMN
https://live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/FMN/sa_dash_vmx/FMN.mpd

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/8/81/Mbc1logo.png" group-title="ENTERTAINMENT",MBC
https://shls-mbc1na-prod-dub.shahid.net/out/v1/84ab37e99d6e4b16b33c6600f94f6ccb/index.m3u8



########################## LIFESTYLE ##########################

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MjhkOWZkZjYtOGViOC0zNTkzLWFhOWEtNGFhMzJkMDk3NGE2
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="LIFESTYLE" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_248.jpg",TLC Southeast Asia
https://live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/TLC/sa_dash_vmx/TLC.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MjhkOWZkZjYtOGViOC0zNTkzLWFhOWEtNGFhMzJkMDk3NGE2
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="LIFESTYLE" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_240.jpg",Asian Food Network
https://live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/AFN-HD/sa_dash_vmx/AFN-HD.mpd

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/8/8a/2018_Travel_Channel_logo.svg/1920px-2018_Travel_Channel_logo.svg.png" group-title="LIFESTYLE",Travel Channel Asia
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=clearkey
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://clearkey-base64-2-hex-json.herokuapp.com/results.php?keyid=3d49130fcb5b434ab9ce81c0851d7bea&key=53289d306b7ca9dfde60b6b5882ce730
https://8buwhbxfgp.akamaized.net/out/u/3055.mpd

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/eAX6mWJ.jpg" group-title="LIFESTYLE",BBC Lifestyle Asia
#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/81.0.4044.138 Safari/537.36
https://livecdn.fptplay.net/sdb/bbclifestyle_2000.stream/chunklist.m3u8

#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=Mozilla/5.0 (QtEmbedded; U; Linux; C) AppleWebKit/533.3 (KHTML, like Gecko) MAG200 stbapp ver: 2 rev: 250 Safari/533.3
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MjhkOWZkZjYtOGViOC0zNTkzLWFhOWEtNGFhMzJkMDk3NGE2
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" group-title="LIFESTYLE" tvg-logo="", Dens Food Channel
http://210.210.155.35/x6bnqe/s/s50/live.m3u8?app_type=web&userid=50n13N0v14nd1&tkn=829341hrjhaq0q30q&chname=Dens_Food_Channel_Trial-

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://www.biznetnetworks.com/assets/list-logo/logo-large/biznet_logo.jpg" group-title="LIFESTYLE", Bisnet Lifestyle
http://livestream.biznetvideo.net/biznet_lifestyle/smil:lifestyle.smil/chunklist_w109806785_b2256000_slen_tkYml6a2V5bGl2ZXN0YXJ0dGltZT0wJmJpemtleWxpdmVlbmR0aW1lPTAmYml6a2V5bGl2ZUN1c3RvbVBhcmFtZXRlcj1teVBhcmFtZXRlciZiaXprZXlsaXZlaGFzaD1qZ0RLUGNsY0dkWmZ2cklEeGZNZHBUN3Zfc3JNV0NidWJudEdvOWNDWVdwY0JCUWFsTWxMUXhIc3dtNDNQYlZS.m3u8

#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=Mozilla/5.0 (QtEmbedded; U; Linux; C) AppleWebKit/533.3 (KHTML, like Gecko) MAG200 stbapp ver: 2 rev: 250 Safari/533.3
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MjhkOWZkZjYtOGViOC0zNTkzLWFhOWEtNGFhMzJkMDk3NGE2
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" group-title="LIFESTYLE" tvg-logo="", Dens Play
http://210.210.155.35/x6bnqe/s/s37/index.m3u8?app_type=web&userid=50n13N0v14nd1&tkn=829341hrjhaq0q30q&chname=DensPlay

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MjhkOWZkZjYtOGViOC0zNTkzLWFhOWEtNGFhMzJkMDk3NGE2
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="LIFESTYLE" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/HGTV_150x150px-01.png",HGTV Asia
https://live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/HGTV/sa_dash_vmx/HGTV.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MjhkOWZkZjYtOGViOC0zNTkzLWFhOWEtNGFhMzJkMDk3NGE2
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="LIFESTYLE" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_167.jpg",Lifetime Asia
https://live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/Lifetime/sa_dash_vmx/Lifetime.mpd

#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=Mozilla/5.0 (QtEmbedded; U; Linux; C) AppleWebKit/533.3 (KHTML, like Gecko) MAG200 stbapp ver: 2 rev: 250 Safari/533.3
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MjhkOWZkZjYtOGViOC0zNTkzLWFhOWEtNGFhMzJkMDk3NGE2
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" group-title="LIFESTYLE" tvg-logo="", TV5MONDE Style
http://210.210.155.35/dr9445/h/h01/index.m3u8?app_type=web&userid=50n13N0v14nd1&tkn=829341hrjhaq0q30q&chname=TV5MONDE_Style_HD

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MjhkOWZkZjYtOGViOC0zNTkzLWFhOWEtNGFhMzJkMDk3NGE2
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="LIFESTYLE" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_90.png",Lifestyle & Fashion
https://live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/LifeStyleFashion/sa_dash_vmx/LifeStyleFashion.mpd

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/warningfm/v3/master/img/LQqABbX.png?v=1.0.0.1" group-title="LIFESTYLE",Fashion TV
http://fash1043.cloudycdn.services/slive/_definst_/ftv_paris_adaptive.smil/chunklist.m3u8

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MjhkOWZkZjYtOGViOC0zNTkzLWFhOWEtNGFhMzJkMDk3NGE2
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="LIFESTYLE" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_79.jpg",M Shop Signature
https://live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/MNCShop/sa_dash_vmx/MNCShop.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MjhkOWZkZjYtOGViOC0zNTkzLWFhOWEtNGFhMzJkMDk3NGE2
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="LIFESTYLE" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_88.jpg",M Shop Super Sale!
https://live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/MNCShopSmart/sa_dash_vmx/MNCShopSmart.mpd


########################## INTERNATIONAL TV ##########################

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MjhkOWZkZjYtOGViOC0zNTkzLWFhOWEtNGFhMzJkMDk3NGE2
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="INTERNATIONAL TV" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_351.png",Arirang World
https://live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/Arirang/sa_dash_vmx/Arirang.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MjhkOWZkZjYtOGViOC0zNTkzLWFhOWEtNGFhMzJkMDk3NGE2
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="INTERNATIONAL TV" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_350.png",ABC Australia Asia
https://live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/AustraliaPlus/sa_dash_vmx/AustraliaPlus.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MjhkOWZkZjYtOGViOC0zNTkzLWFhOWEtNGFhMzJkMDk3NGE2
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="INTERNATIONAL TV" tvg-logo="https://www.lyngsat.com/logo/tv/tt/tv-5-monde-asie-fr.png",TV5Monde Asie
https://live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/TV5/sa_dash_vmx/TV5.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MjhkOWZkZjYtOGViOC0zNTkzLWFhOWEtNGFhMzJkMDk3NGE2
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="INTERNATIONAL TV" tvg-logo="https://www.lyngsat.com/logo/tv/ss/star_xing_kong_hk.png",Xing Kong TV
https://live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/XingKongTV/sa_dash_vmx/XingKongTV.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MjhkOWZkZjYtOGViOC0zNTkzLWFhOWEtNGFhMzJkMDk3NGE2
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="INTERNATIONAL TV" tvg-logo="https://www.lyngsat.com/logo/tv/aa/anhui_tv_cn.png",Anhui TV
https://live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/AnhuiTV/sa_dash_vmx/AnhuiTV.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MjhkOWZkZjYtOGViOC0zNTkzLWFhOWEtNGFhMzJkMDk3NGE2
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="INTERNATIONAL TV" tvg-logo="https://www.lyngsat.com/logo/tv/hh/hunan_cn_tv.png",Hunan TV
https://live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/HunanTV/sa_dash_vmx/HunanTV.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MjhkOWZkZjYtOGViOC0zNTkzLWFhOWEtNGFhMzJkMDk3NGE2
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="INTERNATIONAL TV" tvg-logo="https://www.lyngsat.com/logo/tv/jj/jiangsu_tv.png",Jiangsu TV
https://live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/JiangsuTV/sa_dash_vmx/JiangsuTV.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MjhkOWZkZjYtOGViOC0zNTkzLWFhOWEtNGFhMzJkMDk3NGE2
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="INTERNATIONAL TV" tvg-logo="https://www.lyngsat.com/logo/tv/dd/dragon-tv-cn.png",Dragon TV
https://live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/ShanghaiDragonTV/sa_dash_vmx/ShanghaiDragonTV.mpd



########################## KNOWLEDGE ##########################

#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=Mozilla/5.0 (QtEmbedded; U; Linux; C) AppleWebKit/533.3 (KHTML, like Gecko) MAG200 stbapp ver: 2 rev: 250 Safari/533.3
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MjhkOWZkZjYtOGViOC0zNTkzLWFhOWEtNGFhMzJkMDk3NGE2
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" group-title="KNOWLEDGE" tvg-logo="", Dens LEARNING&KNOWLEDGE
http://210.210.155.35/x6bnqe/s/s36/index.m3u8?app_type=web&userid=50n13N0v14nd1&tkn=829341hrjhaq0q30q&chname=Dens_Learning_n_Knowledge

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MjhkOWZkZjYtOGViOC0zNTkzLWFhOWEtNGFhMzJkMDk3NGE2
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="KNOWLEDGE" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_203.png",Animal Planet Southeast Asia
https://live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/AnimalPlanet/sa_dash_vmx/AnimalPlanet.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MjhkOWZkZjYtOGViOC0zNTkzLWFhOWEtNGFhMzJkMDk3NGE2
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="KNOWLEDGE" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/bbc_earth150x150.jpg",BBC Earth Asia
https://live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/BBCEarth-HD/sa_dash_vmx/BBCEarth-HD.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MjhkOWZkZjYtOGViOC0zNTkzLWFhOWEtNGFhMzJkMDk3NGE2
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="KNOWLEDGE" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_112.png",Besmart
https://live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/BeSmart/sa_dash_vmx/BeSmart.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MjhkOWZkZjYtOGViOC0zNTkzLWFhOWEtNGFhMzJkMDk3NGE2
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="KNOWLEDGE" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_205.png",CGTN Documentary
https://live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/CGTN_Doc/sa_dash_vmx/CGTN_Doc.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MjhkOWZkZjYtOGViOC0zNTkzLWFhOWEtNGFhMzJkMDk3NGE2
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="KNOWLEDGE" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/logo-ci.jpg",Crime + Investigation Asia
https://live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/CrimeInvestigation/sa_dash_vmx/CrimeInvestigation.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MjhkOWZkZjYtOGViOC0zNTkzLWFhOWEtNGFhMzJkMDk3NGE2
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="KNOWLEDGE" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/discovery_channel.png",Discovery Channel Southeast Asia
https://live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/Discovery/sa_dash_vmx/Discovery.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MjhkOWZkZjYtOGViOC0zNTkzLWFhOWEtNGFhMzJkMDk3NGE2
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="KNOWLEDGE" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_206.png",History Asia
https://live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/History/sa_dash_vmx/History.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MjhkOWZkZjYtOGViOC0zNTkzLWFhOWEtNGFhMzJkMDk3NGE2
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="KNOWLEDGE" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_202.png",National Geographic Asia
https://live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/NatGeoChannel/sa_dash_vmx/NatGeoChannel.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MjhkOWZkZjYtOGViOC0zNTkzLWFhOWEtNGFhMzJkMDk3NGE2
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="KNOWLEDGE" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_204.png",National Geographic Wild Asia
https://live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/NatGeoWild/sa_dash_vmx/NatGeoWild.mpd


########################################################################

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/a/ae/RTD-TV-logo.png" group-title="KNOWLEDGE",RT Documentary
#KODIPROP:inputstream=inputstream.adaptive
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.manifest_type=hls
https://rt-rtd.rttv.com/live/rtdoc/playlist.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="InvestigationDiscoveryEast.us" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/3/35/InvestigationDiscoveryLogo2020.svg/1920px-InvestigationDiscoveryLogo2020.svg.png" group-title="KNOWLEDGE",Investigation Discovery
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=clearkey
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://clearkey-base64-2-hex-json.herokuapp.com/results.php?keyid=e95c72a41b5ea9957b07facd95542410&key=a5e0de041ca2766754a37952b3468eb2
http://iptvtree.net:8080/ace2524d/15a571c413/8557

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://www.biznetnetworks.com/assets/list-logo/logo-large/biznet_logo.jpg" group-title="KNOWLEDGE", Bisnet Adventure 4K
http://livestream.biznetvideo.net/biznet_adventure/smil:adventure.smil/playlist.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="DMAX" tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/N3sSBtz/hjff.png" group-title="KNOWLEDGE ",DMAX
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=clearkey
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://clearkey-base64-2-hex-json.herokuapp.com/results.php?keyid=5886987a4cd069a764fb582186383810&key=8bf71b113d30e7edc53e2b55864fe039
http://iptvtree.net:8080/ace2524d/15a571c413/158351

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://www.lyngsat.com/logo/tv/ll/love_nature_ca.png" group-title="KNOWLEDGE", LOVE NATURE 4K
http://bamus-eng-roku.amagi.tv/playlist1080p.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/NTRFMvw/TECHSTORM.png" group-title="KNOWLEDGE", Techstorm
http://stream.semerutv.link:7780/freebies/EOti98qsWH/81

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/TH5rfJM/SMITHSONIANCHANNEL.png" group-title="KNOWLEDGE", Smithsonian
https://smithsonianaus-samsungau.amagi.tv/playlist.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" group-title="KNOWLEDGE",Discovery Science
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=clearkey
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://clearkey-base64-2-hex-json.herokuapp.com/results.php?keyid=e95c72a41b5ea9957b07facd95542410&key=a5e0de041ca2766754a37952b3468eb2
http://iptvtree.net:8080/ace2524d/15a571c413/157530

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="KnowledgeChannel.ph" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/YHJBfjd.png" group-title="KNOWLEDGE",Knowledge Channel
#KODIPROP:inputstreamaddon=inputstream.adaptive
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.manifest_type=hls
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.stream_headers=User-Agent=Mozilla&Referrer=https%3A%2F%2Ftfc.tv%2F&X-Forwarded-For=175.176.0.236
#EXTVLCOPT:http-referrer=https://tfc.tv/
#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=Mozilla
https://amdottlive.akamaized.net/hls/live/2018990/iwantknowledge/master480p.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="NASATVPublic.us" url-tvg="" tvg-country="US" tvg-language="English" tvg-logo="https://seeklogo.com/images/N/NASA-logo-9411797223-seeklogo.com.png" group-title="KNOWLEDGE",NASA TV 
https://ntv1.akamaized.net/hls/live/2014075/NASA-NTV1-HLS/master_2000.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/XD8Vr0d.jpg" group-title="KNOWLEDGE",NASA TV Media
https://ntv2.akamaized.net/hls/live/2013923/NASA-NTV2-HLS/master.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="TVEdukasi.id" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/id/f/f2/Logo_tvedukasi_baru.png" group-title="KNOWLEDGE",TV Edukasi
http://118.98.229.118:1935/live/tve.stream/chunklist_w36933799.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/x1sG33k.png" group-title="KNOWLEDGE",Indonesiana TV
https://kbtv.akamaized.net/hls/live/2031188/kanalbuya/1.m3u8


########################## KIDS ##########################

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MjhkOWZkZjYtOGViOC0zNTkzLWFhOWEtNGFhMzJkMDk3NGE2
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="KIDS" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/baby_tv.png",Baby TV Asia
https://live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/BabyTV-NewHD/sa_dash_vmx/BabyTV-NewHD.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MjhkOWZkZjYtOGViOC0zNTkzLWFhOWEtNGFhMzJkMDk3NGE2
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="KIDS" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_39.jpg",Boomerang South East Asia
https://live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/Boomerang/sa_dash_vmx/Boomerang.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MjhkOWZkZjYtOGViOC0zNTkzLWFhOWEtNGFhMzJkMDk3NGE2
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="KIDS" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/cartoon_network.png",Cartoon Network Asia
https://live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/CartoonNetwork/sa_dash_vmx/CartoonNetwork.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MjhkOWZkZjYtOGViOC0zNTkzLWFhOWEtNGFhMzJkMDk3NGE2
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="KIDS" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/cbeebies_150.png",CBeebies Asia
https://live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/Cbeebies/sa_dash_vmx/Cbeebies.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MjhkOWZkZjYtOGViOC0zNTkzLWFhOWEtNGFhMzJkMDk3NGE2
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="KIDS" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_46.png",Kids TV
https://live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/KidsChannel/sa_dash_vmx/KidsChannel.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MjhkOWZkZjYtOGViOC0zNTkzLWFhOWEtNGFhMzJkMDk3NGE2
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="KIDS" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/miawme150x150.jpg",Miao Mi
https://live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/MiaoMi/sa_dash_vmx/MiaoMi.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MjhkOWZkZjYtOGViOC0zNTkzLWFhOWEtNGFhMzJkMDk3NGE2
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="KIDS" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/nickjr.jpg",Nick Jr Asia
https://live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/NickJr-HDD/sa_dash_vmx/NickJr-HDD.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MjhkOWZkZjYtOGViOC0zNTkzLWFhOWEtNGFhMzJkMDk3NGE2
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="KIDS" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/nickelodeon.png",Nickelodeon South East Asia
https://live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/Nickelodeon/sa_dash_vmx/Nickelodeon.mpd

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://www.biznethome.net/bin/images/tv-program/channel/BiznetHomeKids.jpg" group-title="KIDS", Biznet Kids
http://livestream.biznetvideo.net/biznet_kids/smil:kids.smil/chunklist_w417362857_b2256000_slen_tkYml6a2V5bGl2ZXN0YXJ0dGltZT0wJmJpemtleWxpdmVlbmR0aW1lPTAmYml6a2V5bGl2ZUN1c3RvbVBhcmFtZXRlcj1teVBhcmFtZXRlciZiaXprZXlsaXZlaGFzaD1xQXJpMU0yeHVfTUFsbkh3VlJ0T3MyNGxSOFlfSFNEaWpOMkNSTmdoaWZVbGxoWXFRU0Rsa2QwcUU4Q2tad3hD.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/SU2QKXj.png" group-title="KIDS",IndiKids
http://iptvid.my.id/hmm/indikids.m3u8 



########################## MOVIES ##########################

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MjhkOWZkZjYtOGViOC0zNTkzLWFhOWEtNGFhMzJkMDk3NGE2
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MOVIES" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/hbo.png",HBO Asia
https://live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/hbo-2/sa_dash_vmx/hbo-2.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MjhkOWZkZjYtOGViOC0zNTkzLWFhOWEtNGFhMzJkMDk3NGE2
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MOVIES" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/hbo_hits.png",HBO Hits Asia
https://live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/HBOHits/sa_dash_vmx/HBOHits.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MjhkOWZkZjYtOGViOC0zNTkzLWFhOWEtNGFhMzJkMDk3NGE2
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MOVIES" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/cinemax.jpg",Cinemax Asia
https://live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/CinemaxHD2/sa_dash_vmx/CinemaxHD2.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MjhkOWZkZjYtOGViOC0zNTkzLWFhOWEtNGFhMzJkMDk3NGE2
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MOVIES" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/hbo_family.png",HBO Family Asia
https://live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/HBOFamily2/sa_dash_vmx/HBOFamily2.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MjhkOWZkZjYtOGViOC0zNTkzLWFhOWEtNGFhMzJkMDk3NGE2
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MOVIES" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/hbo_signature.png",HBO Signature Asia
https://live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/HBOSignature2/sa_dash_vmx/HBOSignature2.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MjhkOWZkZjYtOGViOC0zNTkzLWFhOWEtNGFhMzJkMDk3NGE2
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MOVIES" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_12.png",Galaxy Premium
https://live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/GalaxyPremium-HD/sa_dash_vmx/GalaxyPremium-HD.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MjhkOWZkZjYtOGViOC0zNTkzLWFhOWEtNGFhMzJkMDk3NGE2
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MOVIES" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_13.png",Galaxy
https://live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/Galaxy-HD/sa_dash_vmx/Galaxy-HD.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MjhkOWZkZjYtOGViOC0zNTkzLWFhOWEtNGFhMzJkMDk3NGE2
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MOVIES" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/celestial.png",Celestial Movies Indonesia
https://live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/CelestialMovie/sa_dash_vmx/CelestialMovie.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MjhkOWZkZjYtOGViOC0zNTkzLWFhOWEtNGFhMzJkMDk3NGE2
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MOVIES" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_109.png",TVN Movies Indonesia
https://live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/tvNMovies/sa_dash_vmx/tvNMovies.mpd

#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=Mozilla/5.0 (QtEmbedded; U; Linux; C) AppleWebKit/533.3 (KHTML, like Gecko) MAG200 stbapp ver: 2 rev: 250 Safari/533.3
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MjhkOWZkZjYtOGViOC0zNTkzLWFhOWEtNGFhMzJkMDk3NGE2
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://www.useetv.com/pimages/logo_new-mycinema_small.png" group-title="MOVIES", My Cinema
http://210.210.155.35/uq2663/h/h192/index.m3u8?app_type=web&userid=50n13N0v14nd1&tkn=829341hrjhaq0q30q&chname=My_Cinema_HD

#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=Mozilla/5.0 (QtEmbedded; U; Linux; C) AppleWebKit/533.3 (KHTML, like Gecko) MAG200 stbapp ver: 2 rev: 250 Safari/533.3
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MjhkOWZkZjYtOGViOC0zNTkzLWFhOWEtNGFhMzJkMDk3NGE2
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://www.useetv.com/pimages/logo_mycinemaasia_big.png" group-title="MOVIES", My Cinema Asia
http://210.210.155.35/uq2663/h/h193/index.m3u8?app_type=web&userid=50n13N0v14nd1&tkn=829341hrjhaq0q30q&chname=My_Cinema_Asia

#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=Mozilla/5.0 (QtEmbedded; U; Linux; C) AppleWebKit/533.3 (KHTML, like Gecko) MAG200 stbapp ver: 2 rev: 250 Safari/533.3
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MjhkOWZkZjYtOGViOC0zNTkzLWFhOWEtNGFhMzJkMDk3NGE2
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" group-title="MOVIES" tvg-logo="", My Cinema Europe
http://210.210.155.35/uq2663/h/h18/index.m3u8?app_type=web&userid=50n13N0v14nd1&tkn=829341hrjhaq0q30q&chname=My_Cinema_Europe_HD

#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=Mozilla/5.0 (QtEmbedded; U; Linux; C) AppleWebKit/533.3 (KHTML, like Gecko) MAG200 stbapp ver: 2 rev: 250 Safari/533.3
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MjhkOWZkZjYtOGViOC0zNTkzLWFhOWEtNGFhMzJkMDk3NGE2
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://www.useetv.com/pimages/logo_new-myfamily_big.png" group-title="MOVIES", My Family Channel
http://210.210.155.35/uq2663/h/h194/index.m3u8?app_type=web&userid=50n13N0v14nd1&tkn=829341hrjhaq0q30q&chname=My_Family_Channel_Trial-

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MjhkOWZkZjYtOGViOC0zNTkzLWFhOWEtNGFhMzJkMDk3NGE2
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MOVIES" tvg-logo="https://www.lyngsat.com/logo/tv/cc/cinema_world_asia.png",CinemaWorld
https://live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/CinemaWorld/sa_dash_vmx/CinemaWorld.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MjhkOWZkZjYtOGViOC0zNTkzLWFhOWEtNGFhMzJkMDk3NGE2
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MOVIES" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_22.png",Celestial Classic Movies
https://live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/CelestialClassic/sa_dash_vmx/CelestialClassic.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MjhkOWZkZjYtOGViOC0zNTkzLWFhOWEtNGFhMzJkMDk3NGE2
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MOVIES" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_169.png",HITS Movies
https://live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/HitsMovies/sa_dash_vmx/HitsMovies.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MjhkOWZkZjYtOGViOC0zNTkzLWFhOWEtNGFhMzJkMDk3NGE2
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MOVIES" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/thrill_150x150px.jpg",Thrill
https://live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/Thrill/sa_dash_vmx/Thrill.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MjhkOWZkZjYtOGViOC0zNTkzLWFhOWEtNGFhMzJkMDk3NGE2
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MOVIES" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_14.png",IMC
https://live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/IndonesiaMovieChannels-HD/sa_dash_vmx/IndonesiaMovieChannels-HD.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MjhkOWZkZjYtOGViOC0zNTkzLWFhOWEtNGFhMzJkMDk3NGE2
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MOVIES" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_23.png",Zee Bioskop
https://live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/ZeeBIOSKOP/sa_dash_vmx/ZeeBIOSKOP.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MjhkOWZkZjYtOGViOC0zNTkzLWFhOWEtNGFhMzJkMDk3NGE2
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MOVIES" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/Animax_150x150.png",Animax Asia
https://live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/Animax/sa_dash_vmx/Animax.mpd

#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=Mozilla/5.0 (QtEmbedded; U; Linux; C) AppleWebKit/533.3 (KHTML, like Gecko) MAG200 stbapp ver: 2 rev: 250 Safari/533.3
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MjhkOWZkZjYtOGViOC0zNTkzLWFhOWEtNGFhMzJkMDk3NGE2
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/xTWry90X/HBOshare-Ext-Group.jpg" group-title="MOVIES",ANIPLUS
http://210.210.155.35/dr9445/h/h02/index10.m3u8?app_type=web&userid=50n13N0v14nd1&tkn=829341hrjhaq0q30q&chname=ANIPLUS_HD

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/8C3TkKc3/TVKUSHAREEXT.png" group-title="MOVIES",Hollywood Movies
http://hpull.kktv8.com/livekktv/128600025/playlist.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" group-title="MOVIES" tvg-id="" tvg-name="",Rakuten Action 1
https://rakuten-actionmovies-1-eu.rakuten.wurl.tv/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" group-title="MOVIES" tvg-id="" tvg-name="" ,Rakuten Action 2
https://rakuten-actionmovies-2-es.samsung.wurl.tv/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" group-title="MOVIES" tvg-id="" tvg-name="" ,Rakuten Action 2 Spain
https://rakuten-actionmovies-2-eu.rakuten.wurl.tv/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" group-title="MOVIES" tvg-id="" tvg-name="",Rakuten Action 3
https://rakuten-actionmovies-3-eu.rakuten.wurl.tv/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" group-title="MOVIES" tvg-id="" tvg-name="",Rakuten Action 6
https://rakuten-actionmovies-6-it.samsung.wurl.tv/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" group-title="MOVIES" tvg-id="" tvg-name="",Rakuten Action 6eu
https://rakuten-actionmovies-6-eu.rakuten.wurl.tv/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" group-title="MOVIES" tvg-id="" tvg-name="",Rakuten Action 7
https://rakuten-actionmovies-7-fr.samsung.wurl.tv/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" group-title="MOVIES" tvg-id="" tvg-name="",Rakuten Action 8
https://rakuten-action-8-nl.samsung.wurl.tv/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" group-title="MOVIES" tvg-id="" tvg-name="",Rakuten Action 9
https://rakuten-action-9-se.samsung.wurl.tv/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" group-title="MOVIES" tvg-id="" tvg-name="",Rakuten Action 10
https://rakuten-action-10-dk.samsung.wurl.tv/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" group-title="MOVIES" tvg-id="" tvg-name="",Rakuten Action 13
https://rakuten-action-13-ie.samsung.wurl.tv/playlist.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" group-title="MOVIES" tvg-id="" tvg-name="",  ConTv
https://contv-junction.cinedigm.com/ingest/playlist.m3u8



##################################################################

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MOVIES 2",US| 24/7 BOX OFFICE 2022 1
http://line.premiumpowers.net:80/b6126cb61b/8021f2d210/924692
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MOVIES 2",US| 24/7 BOX OFFICE 2022 2
http://line.premiumpowers.net:80/b6126cb61b/8021f2d210/924693
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MOVIES 2",US| 24/7 BOX OFFICE 2022 4
http://line.premiumpowers.net:80/b6126cb61b/8021f2d210/924695
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MOVIES 2",US| 24/7 BOX OFFICE 2022 5
http://line.premiumpowers.net:80/b6126cb61b/8021f2d210/924696
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MOVIES 2",US| 24/7 BOX OFFICE 2022 3
http://line.premiumpowers.net:80/b6126cb61b/8021f2d210/924694
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MOVIES 2",US| 24/7 BOX OFFICE 2022 6
http://line.premiumpowers.net:80/b6126cb61b/8021f2d210/924697

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MOVIES 2",US| 24/7 HBO MAX 1
http://line.premiumpowers.net:80/b6126cb61b/8021f2d210/924705
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MOVIES 2",US| 24/7 HBO MAX 2
http://line.premiumpowers.net:80/b6126cb61b/8021f2d210/924706
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MOVIES 2",US| 24/7 HBO MAX 3
http://line.premiumpowers.net:80/b6126cb61b/8021f2d210/924707
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MOVIES 2",US| 24/7 HBO MAX 4
http://line.premiumpowers.net:80/b6126cb61b/8021f2d210/924708
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MOVIES 2",US| 24/7 HBO MAX 5
http://line.premiumpowers.net:80/b6126cb61b/8021f2d210/924709
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MOVIES 2",US| 24/7 HBO MAX 6
http://line.premiumpowers.net:80/b6126cb61b/8021f2d210/924710
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MOVIES 2",US| 24/7 HBO MAX 7
http://line.premiumpowers.net:80/b6126cb61b/8021f2d210/924711

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-name="" tvg-logo="" group-title="MOVIES 2",HBO FHD MY
http://clientsportals.com:80/live/sDxJCkFF/pJxGhpDp/40763.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-name="" tvg-logo="" group-title="MOVIES 2",Fox Movies HR
http://clientsportals.com:80/live/sDxJCkFF/pJxGhpDp/9009.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-name="" tvg-logo="" group-title="MOVIES 2",HBO 3 HD HR
http://clientsportals.com:80/live/sDxJCkFF/pJxGhpDp/41390.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-name="" tvg-logo="" group-title="MOVIES 2",HBO 2 FHD PL [Multi-Audio]
http://clientsportals.com:80/live/sDxJCkFF/pJxGhpDp/10406.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-name="" tvg-logo="" group-title="MOVIES 2",HBO 3 FHD PL [Multi-Audio]
http://clientsportals.com:80/live/sDxJCkFF/pJxGhpDp/11497.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-name="" tvg-logo="" group-title="MOVIES 2",HBO FHD PL [Multi-Audio]
http://clientsportals.com:80/live/sDxJCkFF/pJxGhpDp/10407.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-name="" tvg-logo="" group-title="MOVIES 2",HBO Signature LAM
http://clientsportals.com:80/live/sDxJCkFF/pJxGhpDp/45799.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-name="" tvg-logo="" group-title="MOVIES 2",HBO Plus LAM
http://clientsportals.com:80/live/sDxJCkFF/pJxGhpDp/45797.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-name="" tvg-logo="" group-title="MOVIES 2",HBO Family LAM
http://clientsportals.com:80/live/sDxJCkFF/pJxGhpDp/45795.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-name="" tvg-logo="" group-title="MOVIES 2",HBO 2 LAM
http://clientsportals.com:80/live/sDxJCkFF/pJxGhpDp/45793.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-name="" tvg-logo="" group-title="MOVIES 2",HBO LAM
http://clientsportals.com:80/live/sDxJCkFF/pJxGhpDp/45791.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-name="" tvg-logo="" group-title="MOVIES 2",Cinemax ActionMax HD US
http://clientsportals.com:80/live/sDxJCkFF/pJxGhpDp/11916.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-name="" tvg-logo="" group-title="MOVIES 2",Cinemax East HD US
http://clientsportals.com:80/live/sDxJCkFF/pJxGhpDp/11903.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-name="" tvg-logo="" group-title="MOVIES 2",MovieMax HD US
http://clientsportals.com:80/live/sDxJCkFF/pJxGhpDp/24685.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-name="" tvg-logo="" group-title="MOVIES 2",Film HD TH 2 TH  [ENG]
http://clientsportals.com:80/live/sDxJCkFF/pJxGhpDp/115415.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-name="" tvg-logo="" group-title="MOVIES 2",FILMASIA HD TH [Thai]
http://clientsportals.com:80/live/sDxJCkFF/pJxGhpDp/115665.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-name="" tvg-logo="" group-title="MOVIES 2",Fox Action TH
http://clientsportals.com:80/live/sDxJCkFF/pJxGhpDp/115420.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-name="" tvg-logo="" group-title="MOVIES 2",Video Lan Movie
http://50.7.220.74:8278/videolandmovie/playlist.m3u8?tid=ma2dac66da407&ct=18335&tsum=9a5a39559f64a71081ef9b3a85f2886c
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-name="" tvg-logo="" group-title="MOVIES 2",LS Time Movie
http://50.7.220.74:8278/cb7a1fec69/playlist.m3u8?tid=md05ab4002297&ct=18335&tsum=ebe4254ee0e073c2d3c9789e679c00a5
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-name="" tvg-logo="" group-title="MOVIES 2",Hollywood Movie
http://50.7.220.74:8278/hollywoodmovies_twn/playlist.m3u8?tid=m39bfcd99239617992917&ct=17874&tsum=774ffa7546c934dc27e743c5bbb454d3
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-name="" tvg-logo="" group-title="MOVIES 2",Cinemax
http://50.7.220.74:8278/cinemax_twn/playlist.m3u8?tid=mf18038aaba6311485855&ct=17874&tsum=63ee6bcdb705ee72ea3d0f0d84ed6df1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-name="" tvg-logo="" group-title="MOVIES 2",HBO Twn
http://50.7.220.74:8278/hbohd_twn/playlist.m3u8?tid=m8d785f4e022616401837&ct=17877&tsum=56e767abfc65234db52b017576b00403
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-name="" tvg-logo="" group-title="MOVIES 2",HBO Sig Twn
http://50.7.220.74:8278/hbosignature_twn/playlist.m3u8?tid=m48ee99a5dacb15948906&ct=17874&tsum=3d127801d49fa098b4118400117b4fbb
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-name="" tvg-logo="" group-title="MOVIES 2",Elta Drama Twn
http://50.7.220.74:8278/eltadrama_twn/playlist.m3u8?tid=mea60e416943110603068&ct=17874&tsum=ede38d2a218a34b5397af9d19e0c39a3
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-name="" tvg-logo="" group-title="MOVIES 2",Star Chines Movie Twn
http://50.7.220.74:8278/xingwei_movie/playlist.m3u8?tid=ma80888ed462f18082236&ct=17874&tsum=2824e7b9d4ec19ce7b4f8f69d23d7ceb
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-name="" tvg-logo="" group-title="MOVIES 2",lunghua Movie
http://50.7.220.74:8278/lunghuamovie_twn/playlist.m3u8?tid=mdb73470557ff10965185&ct=17874&tsum=d0a4494eb289910a11f4d305a804136a
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-name="" tvg-logo="" group-title="MOVIES 2",LTV Western
http://50.7.220.74:8278/lunghuawestern_twn/playlist.m3u8?tid=m8fe1f2649ecd12830420&ct=17874&tsum=a6674ed93a8ec4ea4705c721b752d4db
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-name="" tvg-logo="" group-title="MOVIES 2",LTV Xiju
http://50.7.220.74:8278/lunghuaxiju_twn/playlist.m3u8?tid=m5c1b0bf1531015581628&ct=17874&tsum=2d2c4d6761fa92d63b97c0fe787007cb
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-name="" tvg-logo="" group-title="MOVIES 2",Lotus Macau
http://nettvpro.live/hls/lotustv.php


########################## MUSIC ##########################

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MjhkOWZkZjYtOGViOC0zNTkzLWFhOWEtNGFhMzJkMDk3NGE2
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MUSIC" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_111.png",Music TV
https://live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/MusicChannel/sa_dash_vmx/MusicChannel.mpd

#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=Mozilla/5.0 (QtEmbedded; U; Linux; C) AppleWebKit/533.3 (KHTML, like Gecko) MAG200 stbapp ver: 2 rev: 250 Safari/533.3
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MjhkOWZkZjYtOGViOC0zNTkzLWFhOWEtNGFhMzJkMDk3NGE2
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" group-title="MUSIC" tvg-logo="", Dens ShowBiz
http://210.210.155.35/x6bnqe/s/s35/index.m3u8?app_type=web&userid=50n13N0v14nd1&tkn=829341hrjhaq0q30q&chname=Dens_ShowBiz

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://www.useetv.com/pimages/logo_mtvlive_small.png" group-title="MUSIC", MTV Live
http://iptvid.my.id/hmm/mtv.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" group-title="MUSIC", Prambors
http://iptvid.my.id/hmm/prambors.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" group-title="MUSIC", Ikonser
http://iptvid.my.id/hmm/ikonser.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" group-title="MUSIC", Musik Indo
http://iptvid.my.id/hmm/musikindo.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" group-title="MUSIC" tvg-logo="",Channel V+
https://content.uplynk.com/channel/36953f5b6546464590d2fcd954bc89cf.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" group-title="MUSIC" tvg-logo="",Box Hits
https://csm-e-boxplus.tls1.yospace.com/csm/extlive/boxplus01,boxhits-alldev.m3u8?yo.up=http://boxtv-origin-elb.cds1.yospace.com/uploads/boxhits/
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" group-title="MUSIC" tvg-logo="",Veat2Beat
https://abr.de1se01.v2beat.live/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="M6Music.fr" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/c/c9/M6_Music_%282012%29.png" group-title="MUSIC",M6 Music
http://190.2.155.162:8080/m6music/mpegts

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/X7VxlBN.png" group-title="MUSIC",MTV Vietnam
https://livecdn.fptplay.net/sdb/mtv_hls.smil/chunklist.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" group-title="MUSIC",MTV LOVE
https://service-stitcher.clusters.pluto.tv/stitch/hls/channel/600ae79fa46e17000794e84c/master.m3u8?deviceId=0&deviceVersion=0&appVersion=0&deviceType=0&deviceMake=0&sid=b6e3&deviceDNT=0&deviceModel=0
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://pbs.twimg.com/media/EgIJQzeWkAMT4F0.jpg" group-title="MUSIC",MTV Biggest Pop
http://pluto-live.plutotv.net/egress/chandler/pluto01/live/VIACBS02/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.pinimg.com/originals/f9/1f/c0/f91fc02f8ff9ea5eddceef8d200284ee.jpg" group-title="MUSIC",MTV Block Party
http://pluto-live.plutotv.net/egress/chandler/pluto01/live/VIACBS03/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="http://cdn.tvpassport.com/image/show/960x540/73224.jpg" group-title="MUSIC",CMT Music
http://pluto-live.plutotv.net/egress/chandler/pluto01/live/VIACBS08/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/8C3TkKc3/TVKUSHAREEXT.png" group-title="MUSIC",MTV Spankin\'New
http://pluto-live.plutotv.net/egress/chandler/pluto01/live/VIACBS07/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://pbs.twimg.com/profile_images/657212217956241408/-m4CbvRz.jpg" group-title="MUSIC",MTV Yo!
http://pluto-live.plutotv.net/egress/chandler/pluto01/live/VIACBS01/master.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MUSIC" tvg-logo="http://static1.squarespace.com/static/5d07b0c8af0f1c0001204144/t/5d07b0f8c2c5b00001d89f93/1560785145428/social+sharing+logo.png?format=1500w",VEVO
https://service-stitcher.clusters.pluto.tv/v1/stitch/embed/hls/channel/5da0d83f66c9700009b96d0e/master.m3u8?deviceId=channel&deviceModel=web&deviceVersion=1.0&appVersion=1.0&deviceType=rokuChannel&deviceMake=rokuChannel&deviceDNT=1&advertisingId=channel&embedPartner=rokuChannel&appName=rokuchannel&is_lat=1&bmodel=bm1&content=channel&platform=web&tags=ROKU_CONTENT_TAGS&coppa=false&content_type=livefeed&rdid=channel&genre=ROKU_ADS_CONTENT_GENRE&content_rating=ROKU_ADS_CONTENT_RATING&studio_id=viacom&channel_id=channel
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MUSIC" tvg-logo="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/31qkNEPIv1L.png", Vevo 00s
https://d330e7137fb7fe851354fad8b25596e7.iad.linear.zype.com/out/v1/9f3e23c231f44bac97866bc8b70c0e4b/live.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/31qkNEPIv1L.png" group-title="MUSIC",VEVO 90's
https://service-stitcher.clusters.pluto.tv/v1/stitch/embed/hls/channel/5fd7bb1f86d94a000796e2c2/master.m3u8?deviceId=channel&deviceModel=web&deviceVersion=1.0&appVersion=1.0&deviceType=rokuChannel&deviceMake=rokuChannel&deviceDNT=1&advertisingId=channel&embedPartner=rokuChannel&appName=rokuchannel&is_lat=1&bmodel=bm1&content=channel&platform=web&tags=ROKU_CONTENT_TAGS&coppa=false&content_type=livefeed&rdid=channel&genre=ROKU_ADS_CONTENT_GENRE&content_rating=ROKU_ADS_CONTENT_RATING&studio_id=viacom&channel_id=channel
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/31qkNEPIv1L.png" group-title="MUSIC",VEVO 80
https://service-stitcher.clusters.pluto.tv/v1/stitch/embed/hls/channel/5fd7b8bf927e090007685853/master.m3u8?deviceId=channel&deviceModel=web&deviceVersion=1.0&appVersion=1.0&deviceType=rokuChannel&deviceMake=rokuChannel&deviceDNT=1&advertisingId=channel&embedPartner=rokuChannel&appName=rokuchannel&is_lat=1&bmodel=bm1&content=channel&platform=web&tags=ROKU_CONTENT_TAGS&coppa=false&content_type=livefeed&rdid=channel&genre=ROKU_ADS_CONTENT_GENRE&content_rating=ROKU_ADS_CONTENT_RATING&studio_id=viacom&channel_id=channel
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/31qkNEPIv1L.png" group-title="MUSIC",Vevo Pop
https://service-stitcher.clusters.pluto.tv/stitch/hls/channel/5d93b635b43dd1a399b39eee/master.m3u8?terminate=false&deviceType=web&deviceMake=web&deviceModel=web&sid=890&deviceId=5d93b635b43dd1a399b39eee&deviceVersion=DNT&appVersion=DNT&deviceDNT=0&userId=&advertisingId=&deviceLat=&deviceLon=&app_name=&appName=web&buildVersion=&appStoreUrl=&architecture=&includeExtendedEvents=false&marketingRegion=US&serverSideAds=false
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/31qkNEPIv1L.png" group-title="MUSIC",Vevo Pop Europa
https://5f3491c50b093e00015a3c4c-samsung.eu.ssai.zype.com/5f3491c50b093e00015a3c4c_samsung_eu/manifest.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://pbs.twimg.com/profile_images/1115906832449589250/rCRxo7F8_400x400.png" group-title="MUSIC",K Pop Channel
https://srv1.zcast.com.br/kpoptv/kpoptv/.m3u8
https://srv1.zcast.com.br/kpoptv/kpoptv/chunklist_w987955597.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MUSIC" tvg-id="KMTV.kr" tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Tapiosinn/tv-logos/master/misc/vod/kmtv-vod.png",KMTV
https://kmtvnow-samsung-us.plex.wurl.tv/playlist.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="MyxUSA.us" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/qyxbTj5.png" group-title="MUSIC",Myx USA
https://abscbn-ono.akamaized.net/midroll/amagi_hls_data_abscbnAAA-abscbn-myxnola/CDN/playlist.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" group-title="MUSIC",Retro TV
http://stream.mediawork.cz:1935/retrotv/retrotvHQ1/playlist.m3u8?source:iptvmate.net
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MUSIC" tvg-logo="https://www.pngkit.com/png/full/104-1049976_media-retro-tv-logo.png",*Retro Plus TV
https://59f1cbe63db89.streamlock.net:1443/retroplustv/_definst_/retroplustv/playlist.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" group-title="MUSIC",Maleo
https://alfa.kugo.id/playout/maleo.stream/chunklist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/FRksPN7F/POP-MUSIK.png" group-title="MUSIC",POP MUSIK
https://alfa.kugo.id/playout/pop.stream/chunklist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" group-title="MUSIC",KUGO 1
http://bravo.kugo.id:1935/kugoone/udp.stream_720p/chunklist_w1128048732.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1, tvg-logo="http://cdn.ninmedia.net/channel/1638930639400916991.jpeg" group-title="MUSIC", Dangdut Tivi
http://bravo.kugo.id:1935/dangduttivi/udp.stream_360p/playlist.m3u8

#EXTINF:0 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/fD7wLka.jpg" group-title="MUSIC",9XM
http://d2q8p4pe5spbak.cloudfront.net/bpk-tv/9XM/9XM.isml/9XM-audio_208482_und=208000-video=877600.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MUSIC" tvg-logo="http://epg.it999.ru/img/151.png" ,Bridge TV
http://livetv.mylifeisgood.ml/mfolive.m3u8?media=bridgetv24h
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MUSIC" tvg-logo="http://epg.it999.ru/img/4373.png" ,Bridge TV Classic
http://livetv.mylifeisgood.ml/mfolive.m3u8?media=bridgeclassictv
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MUSIC" tvg-logo="http://epg.it999.ru/img/2024.png" ,BRIDGE TV HITS
http://livetv.mylifeisgood.ml/mfolive.m3u8?media=bridgehitstv



########################## SPORTS ##########################

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MjhkOWZkZjYtOGViOC0zNTkzLWFhOWEtNGFhMzJkMDk3NGE2
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="SPORTS" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/beIN-1.jpg",BeIn Sports 1 Indonesia
https://live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/MrBein1/sa_dash_vmx/MrBein1.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MjhkOWZkZjYtOGViOC0zNTkzLWFhOWEtNGFhMzJkMDk3NGE2
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="SPORTS" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/beIN-1.jpg",BeIn Sports 2
http://iptvtree.net:8080/ace2524d/15a571c413/282773

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MjhkOWZkZjYtOGViOC0zNTkzLWFhOWEtNGFhMzJkMDk3NGE2
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="SPORTS" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/beIN-2.jpg",BeIn Sports 3 Indonesia
https://live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/BeIN2s/sa_dash_vmx/BeIN2s.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MjhkOWZkZjYtOGViOC0zNTkzLWFhOWEtNGFhMzJkMDk3NGE2
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="SPORTS" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_307.png",SPOTV
https://live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/SPOTV-HD/sa_dash_vmx/SPOTV-HD.mpd
https://dtaarjaj1diy9.cloudfront.net/live/eds/SPOTV-HD/sa_dash_vmx/SPOTV-HD.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MjhkOWZkZjYtOGViOC0zNTkzLWFhOWEtNGFhMzJkMDk3NGE2
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="SPORTS" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_308.png",SPOTV2
https://live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/SPOTV2-HD/sa_dash_vmx/SPOTV2-HD.mpd

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" group-title="SPORTS", Usee Sports 1
http://iptvid.my.id/hmm/useetl1.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" group-title="SPORTS",Usee Sports 2
http://iptvid.my.id/hmm/useetl2.m3u8

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MjhkOWZkZjYtOGViOC0zNTkzLWFhOWEtNGFhMzJkMDk3NGE2
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="SPORTS" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/150x150fightsport.jpg",Fight Sports
https://live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/FightSports/sa_dash_vmx/FightSports.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MjhkOWZkZjYtOGViOC0zNTkzLWFhOWEtNGFhMzJkMDk3NGE2
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="SPORTS" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_102.jpg",MNC Sports 1
https://live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/MNCSports-HD/sa_dash_vmx/MNCSports-HD.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MjhkOWZkZjYtOGViOC0zNTkzLWFhOWEtNGFhMzJkMDk3NGE2
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="SPORTS" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_98.png",MNC Sports 2
https://live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/MNCSports2-HD/sa_dash_vmx/MNCSports2-HD.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MjhkOWZkZjYtOGViOC0zNTkzLWFhOWEtNGFhMzJkMDk3NGE2
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="SPORTS" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_99.png",MNC Sports 3
https://live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/Soccer-2/sa_dash_vmx/Soccer-2.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MjhkOWZkZjYtOGViOC0zNTkzLWFhOWEtNGFhMzJkMDk3NGE2
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="SPORTS" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_101.png",Soccer Channel
https://live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/soccerchannel-HD/sa_dash_vmx/soccerchannel-HD.mpd

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" group-title="SPORTS",TVRI_SPORTS
http://wpc.d1627.nucdn.net/80D1627/o-tvri/Content/HLS/Live/Channel(TVRI4)/Stream(03)/index.m3u8




##############################################################

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="beINSports1.qa" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/MRULdc8.png" group-title="SPORTS 2",beIN Sports 1
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=clearkey
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://clearkey-base64-2-hex-json.herokuapp.com/results.php?keyid=73e84f91bd9ae20412e370f98fd3a110&key=d5b52aabca5afe002eb495804f8ec944
http://clientsportals.tv/play/live.php?mac=00:1A:79:70:39:2a&stream=94484&extension=ts&play_token=TQ6cftyhX8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="beINSports2.qa" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/NDp6TlM.png" group-title="SPORTS 2",beIN Sports 2
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=clearkey
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://clearkey-base64-2-hex-json.herokuapp.com/results.php?keyid=73e84f91bd9ae20412e370f98fd3a110&key=d5b52aabca5afe002eb495804f8ec944
http://clientsportals.tv/play/live.php?mac=00:1A:79:70:39:2a&stream=94480&extension=ts&play_token=TQ6cftyhX8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="beINSports3.qa" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/j8VC6nB.png" group-title="SPORTS 2",beIN Sports 3
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=clearkey
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://clearkey-base64-2-hex-json.herokuapp.com/results.php?keyid=73e84f91bd9ae20412e370f98fd3a110&key=d5b52aabca5afe002eb495804f8ec944
http://clientsportals.tv/play/live.php?mac=00:1A:79:70:39:2a&stream=94476&extension=ts&play_token=TQ6cftyhX8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="beINSports4.qa" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/Lu26Yho.png" group-title="SPORTS 2",beIN Sports 4
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=clearkey
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://clearkey-base64-2-hex-json.herokuapp.com/results.php?keyid=73e84f91bd9ae20412e370f98fd3a110&key=d5b52aabca5afe002eb495804f8ec944
http://clientsportals.tv/play/live.php?mac=00:1A:79:70:39:2a&stream=94472&extension=ts&play_token=TQ6cftyhX8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="beINSports5.qa" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/pA5by2y.png" group-title="SPORTS 2",beIN Sports 5
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=clearkey
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://clearkey-base64-2-hex-json.herokuapp.com/results.php?keyid=73e84f91bd9ae20412e370f98fd3a110&key=d5b52aabca5afe002eb495804f8ec944
http://clientsportals.tv/play/live.php?mac=00:1A:79:70:39:2a&stream=94468&extension=ts&play_token=TQ6cftyhX8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="beINSports6.qa" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/mbFoSUX.png" group-title="SPORTS 2",beIN Sports 6
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=clearkey
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://clearkey-base64-2-hex-json.herokuapp.com/results.php?keyid=73e84f91bd9ae20412e370f98fd3a110&key=d5b52aabca5afe002eb495804f8ec944
http://clientsportals.tv/play/live.php?mac=00:1A:79:70:39:2a&stream=94464&extension=ts&play_token=TQ6cftyhX8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="beINSports7.qa" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/eHCosqi.png" group-title="SPORTS 2",beIN Sports 7
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=clearkey
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://clearkey-base64-2-hex-json.herokuapp.com/results.php?keyid=73e84f91bd9ae20412e370f98fd3a110&key=d5b52aabca5afe002eb495804f8ec944
http://clientsportals.tv/play/live.php?mac=00:1A:79:70:39:2a&stream=94460&extension=ts&play_token=TQ6cftyhX8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="beINSportsEnglish1.qa" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/o8zT78o.png" group-title="SPORTS 2",beIN Sports English 1
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=clearkey
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://clearkey-base64-2-hex-json.herokuapp.com/results.php?keyid=73e84f91bd9ae20412e370f98fd3a110&key=d5b52aabca5afe002eb495804f8ec944
http://clientsportals.tv/play/live.php?mac=00:1A:79:70:39:2a&stream=94450&extension=ts&play_token=TQ6cftyhX8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="beINSportsEnglish2.qa" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/RJ17vOc.png" group-title="SPORTS 2",beIN Sports English 2
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=clearkey
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://clearkey-base64-2-hex-json.herokuapp.com/results.php?keyid=73e84f91bd9ae20412e370f98fd3a110&key=d5b52aabca5afe002eb495804f8ec944
http://clientsportals.tv/play/live.php?mac=00:1A:79:70:39:2a&stream=94448&extension=ts&play_token=TQ6cftyhX8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="beINSportsEnglish3.qa" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/sKFx2QF.png" group-title="SPORTS 2",beIN Sports English 3
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=clearkey
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://clearkey-base64-2-hex-json.herokuapp.com/results.php?keyid=73e84f91bd9ae20412e370f98fd3a110&key=d5b52aabca5afe002eb495804f8ec944
http://clientsportals.tv/play/live.php?mac=00:1A:79:70:39:2a&stream=94444&extension=ts&play_token=TQ6cftyhX8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="beINSportsPremium1.qa" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/CwlNjXQ.png" group-title="SPORTS 2",beIN Sports Premium 1
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=clearkey
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://clearkey-base64-2-hex-json.herokuapp.com/results.php?keyid=73e84f91bd9ae20412e370f98fd3a110&key=d5b52aabca5afe002eb495804f8ec944
http://clientsportals.tv/play/live.php?mac=00:1A:79:70:39:2a&stream=94496&extension=ts&play_token=TQ6cftyhX8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="beINSportsPremium2.qa" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/Ns7isEP.png" group-title="SPORTS 2",beIN Sports Premium 2
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=clearkey
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://clearkey-base64-2-hex-json.herokuapp.com/results.php?keyid=73e84f91bd9ae20412e370f98fd3a110&key=d5b52aabca5afe002eb495804f8ec944
http://clientsportals.tv/play/live.php?mac=00:1A:79:70:39:2a&stream=94492&extension=ts&play_token=TQ6cftyhX8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="beINSportsPremium3.qa" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/T7UlxCI.png" group-title="SPORTS 2",beIN Sports Premium 3
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=clearkey
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://clearkey-base64-2-hex-json.herokuapp.com/results.php?keyid=73e84f91bd9ae20412e370f98fd3a110&key=d5b52aabca5afe002eb495804f8ec944
http://clientsportals.tv/play/live.php?mac=00:1A:79:70:39:2a&stream=94488&extension=ts&play_token=TQ6cftyhX8

#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=Mozilla/5.0 Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64 AppleWebKit/537.36 KHTML, like Gecko Chrome/93.0.4577.82 Safari/537.36
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/Pqk1wm0m/BS-xtra-1.png" group-title="SPORTS 2", beIN Sports Xtra 1
http://clientsportals.tv/play/live.php?mac=00:1A:79:70:39:2a&stream=94457&extension=ts&play_token=TQ6cftyhX8

#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=Mozilla/5.0 Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64 AppleWebKit/537.36 KHTML, like Gecko Chrome/93.0.4577.82 Safari/537.36
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/XJs5mtq8/BS-xtra-2.png" group-title="SPORTS 2", beIN Sports Xtra 2
http://clientsportals.tv/play/live.php?mac=00:1A:79:70:39:2a&stream=94454&extension=ts&play_token=TQ6cftyhX8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="BTSport1.uk" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/7dg7EB7.png" group-title="SPORTS 2",BT Sport 1
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=clearkey
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://clearkey-base64-2-hex-json.herokuapp.com/results.php?keyid=73e84f91bd9ae20412e370f98fd3a110&key=d5b52aabca5afe002eb495804f8ec944
http://clientsportals.tv/play/live.php?mac=00:1A:79:70:39:2a&stream=128229&extension=ts&play_token=TQ6cftyhX8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="BTSport2.uk" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/sIIFREX.png" group-title="SPORTS 2",BT Sport 2
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=clearkey
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://clearkey-base64-2-hex-json.herokuapp.com/results.php?keyid=73e84f91bd9ae20412e370f98fd3a110&key=d5b52aabca5afe002eb495804f8ec944
http://clientsportals.tv/play/live.php?mac=00:1A:79:70:39:2a&stream=128230&extension=ts&play_token=TQ6cftyhX8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="BTSport3.uk" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/8IzsrMb.png" group-title="SPORTS 2",BT Sport 3
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=clearkey
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://clearkey-base64-2-hex-json.herokuapp.com/results.php?keyid=73e84f91bd9ae20412e370f98fd3a110&key=d5b52aabca5afe002eb495804f8ec944
http://clientsportals.tv/play/live.php?mac=00:1A:79:70:39:2a&stream=128231&extension=ts&play_token=TQ6cftyhX8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="BTSport4.uk" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/gyTJhVr.png" group-title="SPORTS 2",BT Sport 4
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=clearkey
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://clearkey-base64-2-hex-json.herokuapp.com/results.php?keyid=73e84f91bd9ae20412e370f98fd3a110&key=d5b52aabca5afe002eb495804f8ec944
http://clientsportals.tv/play/live.php?mac=00:1A:79:70:39:2a&stream=389198&extension=ts&play_token=TQ6cftyhX8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_308.png" group-title="SPORTS 2",SPOTV
https://bcovlive-a.akamaihd.net/99545824f51f4c1592b35314c6ece3b0/ap-northeast-1/6271486521001/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_308.png" group-title="SPORTS 2",SPOTV 2
https://bcovlive-a.akamaihd.net/48eee16919834d3b97df1082a649bcfa/ap-northeast-1/6271486521001/playlist.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/KhLF0W1/HORIZONSPORTS.png" group-title="SPORTS 2",Horizon Sports
http://iptvid.my.id/hmm/horisonsport.m3u8

#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=Mozilla/5.0 (QtEmbedded; U; Linux; C) AppleWebKit/533.3 (KHTML, like Gecko) MAG200 stbapp ver: 2 rev: 250 Safari/533.3
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MjhkOWZkZjYtOGViOC0zNTkzLWFhOWEtNGFhMzJkMDk3NGE2
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/6/6e/Motors_TV_old.svg/1112px-Motors_TV_old.svg.png" group-title="SPORTS 2",Motorvision
http://210.210.155.35/uq2663/h/h09/index.m3u8?app_type=web&userid=50n13N0v14nd1&tkn=829341hrjhaq0q30q&chname=Motorvision_TV_HD

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/6/6e/Motors_TV_old.svg/1112px-Motors_TV_old.svg.png" group-title="SPORTS 2",Motorvision
https://dai2.xumo.com/xumocdn/p=/amagi_hls_data_xumo1212A-motorvisiontv/CDN/playlist.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AstroArena.my" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/7bPCw4Q.png" group-title="SPORTS 2",Astro Arena
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=clearkey
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://clearkey-base64-2-hex-json.herokuapp.com/results.php?keyid=40c958ab268862f44ca7169a0a634710&key=d83ccdb2a5a66a9653009dab9490e617
http://iptvtree.net:8080/F11682/82ca5fbd/157485

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AstroArena2.my" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/meHW06l.png" group-title="SPORTS 2",Astro Arena 2
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=clearkey
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://clearkey-base64-2-hex-json.herokuapp.com/results.php?keyid=a35c43ff90d667ba1285ad0ae34ae810&key=99191e99138dc6aca5ed5febe3a817a4
http://iptvtree.net:8080/F11682/82ca5fbd/287793

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AstroSuperSport.my" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/X2WVnWr.png" group-title="SPORTS 2",Astro Supersport
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=clearkey
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://clearkey-base64-2-hex-json.herokuapp.com/results.php?keyid=40c958ab268862f44ca7169a0a634710&key=d83ccdb2a5a66a9653009dab9490e617
http://clientsportals.tv/play/live.php?mac=00:1A:79:70:39:2a&stream=115615&extension=ts&play_token=TQ6cftyhX8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AstroSuperSport2.my" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/AZQ0xgp.png" group-title="SPORTS 2",Astro Supersport 2
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=clearkey
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://clearkey-base64-2-hex-json.herokuapp.com/results.php?keyid=40c958ab268862f44ca7169a0a634710&key=d83ccdb2a5a66a9653009dab9490e617
http://clientsportals.tv/play/live.php?mac=00:1A:79:70:39:2a&stream=115616&extension=ts&play_token=TQ6cftyhX8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AstroSuperSport3.my" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/cMYSM6e.png" group-title="SPORTS 2",Astro Supersport 3
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=clearkey
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://clearkey-base64-2-hex-json.herokuapp.com/results.php?keyid=40c958ab268862f44ca7169a0a634710&key=d83ccdb2a5a66a9653009dab9490e617
http://clientsportals.tv/play/live.php?mac=00:1A:79:70:39:2a&stream=115617&extension=ts&play_token=TQ6cftyhX8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AstroSuperSport4.my" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/PlwrDwx.png" group-title="SPORTS 2",Astro Supersport 4
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=clearkey
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://clearkey-base64-2-hex-json.herokuapp.com/results.php?keyid=40c958ab268862f44ca7169a0a634710&key=d83ccdb2a5a66a9653009dab9490e617
http://clientsportals.tv/play/live.php?mac=00:1A:79:70:39:2a&stream=115618&extension=ts&play_token=TQ6cftyhX8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AstroSuperSport5.my" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/FieopQP.png" group-title="SPORTS 2",Astro Supersport 5
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=clearkey
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://clearkey-base64-2-hex-json.herokuapp.com/results.php?keyid=40c958ab268862f44ca7169a0a634710&key=d83ccdb2a5a66a9653009dab9490e617
http://line.premiumpowers.net:80/b6126cb61b/8021f2d210/918982


#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/b7TO49Q.png" group-title="SPORTS 2",Fox Sports 501
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=clearkey
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://clearkey-base64-2-hex-json.herokuapp.com/results.php?keyid=40c958ab268862f44ca7169a0a634710&key=d83ccdb2a5a66a9653009dab9490e617
http://clientsportals.tv/play/live.php?mac=00:1A:79:70:39:2a&stream=141764&extension=ts&play_token=TQ6cftyhX8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Erz.mnctv" tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/XvtCK9Zj/Fox-Sports502-HD.jpg" group-title="SPORTS 2", FOX SPORTS 502 HD
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=clearkey
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://clearkey-base64-2-hex-json.herokuapp.com/results.php?keyid=40c958ab268862f44ca7169a0a634710&key=d83ccdb2a5a66a9653009dab9490e617
http://clientsportals.tv/play/live.php?mac=00:1A:79:70:39:2a&stream=141763&extension=ts&play_token=TQ6cftyhX8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Erz.mnctv" tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/CxZtdNYm/Fox-Sports503-HD.jpg" group-title="SPORTS 2", FOX SPORTS 503 HD
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=clearkey
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://clearkey-base64-2-hex-json.herokuapp.com/results.php?keyid=40c958ab268862f44ca7169a0a634710&key=d83ccdb2a5a66a9653009dab9490e617
http://clientsportals.tv/play/live.php?mac=00:1A:79:70:39:2a&stream=141762&extension=ts&play_token=TQ6cftyhX8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Erz.mnctv" tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/tRN8ck9M/Fox-Sports504-HD.jpg" group-title="SPORTS 2", FOX SPORTS 504 HD
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=clearkey
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://clearkey-base64-2-hex-json.herokuapp.com/results.php?keyid=40c958ab268862f44ca7169a0a634710&key=d83ccdb2a5a66a9653009dab9490e617
http://clientsportals.tv/play/live.php?mac=00:1A:79:70:39:2a&stream=141761&extension=ts&play_token=TQ6cftyhX8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Erz.mnctv" tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/hG10GzJ2/Fox-Sports505-HD.jpg" group-title="SPORTS 2", FOX SPORTS 505 HD
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=clearkey
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://clearkey-base64-2-hex-json.herokuapp.com/results.php?keyid=40c958ab268862f44ca7169a0a634710&key=d83ccdb2a5a66a9653009dab9490e617
http://clientsportals.tv/play/live.php?mac=00:1A:79:70:39:2a&stream=141760&extension=ts&play_token=TQ6cftyhX8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Erz.mnctv" tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/HWytNkHv/Fox-Sports506-HD.jpg" group-title="SPORTS 2", FOX SPORTS 506 HD
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=clearkey
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://clearkey-base64-2-hex-json.herokuapp.com/results.php?keyid=40c958ab268862f44ca7169a0a634710&key=d83ccdb2a5a66a9653009dab9490e617
http://clientsportals.tv/play/live.php?mac=00:1A:79:70:39:2a&stream=141759&extension=ts&play_token=TQ6cftyhX8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Erz.mnctv" tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/rpbqKJDJ/Fox-Sports507-HD.jpg" group-title="SPORTS 2", FOX SPORTS 507 HD
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=clearkey
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://clearkey-base64-2-hex-json.herokuapp.com/results.php?keyid=40c958ab268862f44ca7169a0a634710&key=d83ccdb2a5a66a9653009dab9490e617
http://clientsportals.tv/play/live.php?mac=00:1A:79:70:39:2a&stream=141758&extension=ts&play_token=TQ6cftyhX8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="http://www.vod-logo.net/photos/5bc9d44d3ef7efdf24686d247ab8b731.jpg" group-title="SPORTS 2", DUBAI SPORT 1
https://dmitnthvll.cdn.mangomolo.com/dubaisports/smil:dubaisports.smil/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="http://www.vod-logo.net/photos/6fc0bc5c49c642cbcf5c21d0104f7622.jpg" group-title="SPORTS 2", DUBAI SPORT 2
https://dmitwlvvll.cdn.mangomolo.com/dubaisportshd/smil:dubaisportshd.smil/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="http://www.vod-logo.net/photos/394aac4ba00809aebac52fd8504af2e4.jpg" group-title="SPORTS 2", DUBAI SPORT 3
https://dmitwlvvll.cdn.mangomolo.com/dubaisportshd5/smil:dubaisportshd5.smil/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://www.klma.org/wp-content/uploads/2019/06/adsports.png" group-title="SPORTS 2", ABU DHABI SPORT 1
https://admdn1.cdn.mangomolo.com/adsports1/smil:adsports1.stream.smil/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://www.klma.org/wp-content/uploads/2019/06/adsports.png" group-title="SPORTS 2", ABU DHABI SPORT 2
https://admdn5.cdn.mangomolo.com/adsports2/smil:adsports2.stream.smil/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://www.klma.org/wp-content/uploads/2019/06/adsports.png" group-title="SPORTS 2", ABU DHABI SPORT 3
https://admdn3.cdn.mangomolo.com/adsports3/smil:adsports3.stream.smil/playlist.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://playtv.unifi.com.my:7053/CPS/images/universal/film/logo/202108/20210811/2021081116172640657u.png" group-title="SPORTS 2" tvg-id="" tvg-name="", Unifi Sport 1
#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=Mozilla/5.0 (QtEmbedded; U; Linux; C) AppleWebKit/533.3 (KHTML, like Gecko) MAG200 stbapp ver: 2 rev: 250 Safari/533.3
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mr
pw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
https://unifi-live05.secureswiftcontent.com/UnifiHD/live11.mpd

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://playtv.unifi.com.my:7053/CPS/images/universal/film/logo/202108/20210811/20210811161847362lc0.png" group-title="SPORTS 2" tvg-id="" tvg-name="", Unifi Sport 2
#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=Mozilla/5.0 (QtEmbedded; U; Linux; C) AppleWebKit/533.3 (KHTML, like Gecko) MAG200 stbapp ver: 2 rev: 250 Safari/533.3
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MjhkOWZkZjYtOGViOC0zNTkzLWFhOWEtNGFhMzJkMDk3NGE2
https://unifi-live04.secureswiftcontent.com/UnifiHD/live12.mpd


########################## USEETV ##########################

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://images.useetv.com/logo_useeprime_big1.png?v=2.0.0.13" group-title="USEETV",Useesport_USEETV 
http://iptvid.my.id/hmm/useetl1.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://images.useetv.com/logo_useeprime_big1.png?v=2.0.0.13" group-title="USEETV",Useesports2_USEETV 
http://iptvid.my.id/hmm/useetl2.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://images.useetv.com/logo_useeprime_big1.png?v=2.0.0.13" group-title="USEETV",useSport-1(rolling) 
http://180.211.90.134:8000/play/a059
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://images.useetv.com/logo_useeprime_big1.png?v=2.0.0.13" group-title="USEETV",useSport-2(rolling)
http://180.211.90.134:8000/play/a05b



########################## RADIO ##########################

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/bGvJ6py.png" group-title="RADIO",Hitz FM
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AqFad2811/RadioYTLive/main/Hitz.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/w9WCFqr.png" group-title="RADIO",Hot FM
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AqFad2811/RadioYTLive/main/HotFM.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="http://choos.wap.sh/images/radio/7004.jpg" group-title="RADIO",Prambors
https://playerservices.streamtheworld.com/api/livestream-redirect/PRAMBORS_FM.mp3?dist=onlineradiobox
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="http://choos.wap.sh/images/radio/7184.jpg" group-title="RADIO",Ardan FM
http://listento.ardanradio.com:1059/;
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/u09ERA9.png" group-title="RADIO",Phoenix Radio Bali
https://live.phoenixradiobali.com:8250/phoenixradio
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="http://choos.wap.sh/images/radio/7188.jpg" group-title="RADIO",MGTRADIO
http://stream.radbdg.net:8000/mgtradio.mp3
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="http://choos.wap.sh/images/radio/7166.jpg" group-title="RADIO",Elshinta FM
https://stream-ssl.arenastreaming.com:8000/jakarta
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="http://choos.wap.sh/images/radio/7057.jpg" group-title="RADIO",I Radio
http://stream.radiojar.com/4ywdgup3bnzuv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="http://choos.wap.sh/images/radio/7055.jpg" group-title="RADIO",Trax FM
https://n11.radiojar.com:443/rrqf78p3bnzuv.mp3?1613798267=&rj-tok=AAABd73ok20AEvV31cQDN-_2tg&rj-ttl=5
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="http://choos.wap.sh/images/radio/7056.jpg" group-title="RADIO",Cosmopolitan FM
http://n02.radiojar.com/u7d8heq3bnzuv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.onlineradiobox.com/img/l/8/19108.v6.png" group-title="RADIO",V RADIO
http://202.147.199.100:8000/;stream.nsv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/VDOHWd0.png" group-title="RADIO",Hitz FM
https://s2.radio.co/s6929cb202/listen
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="http://choos.wap.sh/images/radio/7054.jpg" group-title="RADIO",Brava FM
http://n07.radiojar.com/5k7t0rq3bnzuv.mp3?1613997585=&rj-tok=AAABd8nJ38EAguSD-Yi56JrhPA&rj-ttl=5
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="http://choos.wap.sh/images/radio/7053.jpg" group-title="RADIO",Hard Rock FM
http://n09.radiojar.com/7csmg90fuqruv.mp3?1619243440=&rj-tok=AAABeQJ3Ru4AgeQosVWIZQa5rg&rj-ttl=5
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/vOliZ6Z.png" group-title="RADIO",Hard Rock FM Bandung
http://stream.radiojar.com/fnex9bkswk8uv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/MmFTrZK.png" group-title="RADIO",Hard Rock FM Surabaya
http://stream.radiojar.com/yg8ne2v80k8uv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/BwULFUI.png" group-title="RADIO",Hard Rock FM Bali
http://stream.radiojar.com/9k28wsbu5k8uv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/L8w4lBH.jpg" group-title="RADIO",Heartline Bali
http://202.129.186.43:7028/stream
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/L8w4lBH.jpg" group-title="RADIO",Heartline Jakarta
https://svara-stream.radioddns.net:8443/karawaci_heartline_stereo?ver=635710
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/dpADolC.png" group-title="RADIO",MNC Trijaya FM Jakarta
http://202.147.199.101:8000/;
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/Crxg4DR.png" group-title="RADIO",Motion Radio Jakarta
https://streamingv2.shoutcast.com/motion-jakarta
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="http://choos.wap.sh/images/radio/7130.jpg" group-title="RADIO",Female FM
http://onlineradiobox.com/json/id/female/play
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="http://choos.wap.sh/images/radio/7092.jpg" group-title="RADIO",Delta FM
http://live.masima.cloud:9002/deltafm
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="http://choos.wap.sh/images/radio/7091.jpg" group-title="RADIO",Bahana FM
http://stream.bahanafm.co.id:8100/;
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/Xs4j9YI.png" group-title="RADIO",EBS FM
http://streaming.suzanafm.com:8100/;stream.nsv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="http://choos.wap.sh/images/radio/7169.jpg" group-title="RADIO",Elgangga FM
http://onlineradiobox.com/json/id/sushi/play
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="http://choos.wap.sh/images/radio/7216.jpg" group-title="RADIO",Geronimo FM
http://live2.indostreamserver.com:8018/;
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="http://choos.wap.sh/images/radio/7284.jpg" group-title="RADIO",Gajah Mada FM
https://server.radioimeldafm.co.id/radio/8020/gajahmadafm
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/zj6og3B.png" group-title="RADIO",OZ Radio Jakarta
https://s3.vinhostmedia.com:10995/;stream/1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://www.dropbox.com/s/0cbwjhiv843lila/Gen_FM.png?dl=1" group-title="RADIO",Gen FM
http://103.246.184.62:1935/noice_genfm/genfm/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://www.dropbox.com/s/0cbwjhiv843lila/Gen_FM.png?dl=1" group-title="RADIO",Gen FM SBY
http://103.246.184.62:1935/noice_genfmsby/gensbyic.stream/chunklist_w742138711.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/1XVJfE5.png" group-title="RADIO",Magic 89.9
https://stream.zeno.fm/fw1368t3vc9uv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://www.dropbox.com/s/fqdznsunlxtcgzs/JAKFM.png?dl=1" group-title="RADIO",JAK FM
http://103.246.184.62:1935/noice_jakfm/jakfm/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.onlineradiobox.com/img/l/6/91316.v14.png" group-title="RADIO",SLOW FM
http://onlineradiobox.com/json/id/slow/play
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.onlineradiobox.com/img/l/0/106040.v5.png" group-title="RADIO",KIS ROCK
http://onlineradiobox.com/json/id/kisrock/play
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://www.dropbox.com/s/qq9n8ojtec3m9fa/KIS-95.1-FM.jpg?dl=1" group-title="RADIO",KIS FM
http://103.246.184.62:1935/noice_kisfm/kisfm/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://www.dropbox.com/s/ehy1c45c2l8z543/MOSTRADIO.png?dl=1" group-title="RADIO",MOST RADIO
http://103.246.184.62:1935/noice_mostfm/mostfm/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://www.dropbox.com/s/5g6wgbq9xwgsrw8/MUSTANG.png?dl=1" group-title="RADIO",MUSTANG
http://103.246.184.62:1935/noice_mustangfm/mustangfm/playlist.m3u8



########################## DENS TV ##########################

#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=Mozilla/5.0 (QtEmbedded; U; Linux; C) AppleWebKit/533.3 (KHTML, like Gecko) MAG200 stbapp ver: 2 rev: 250 Safari/533.3
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MjhkOWZkZjYtOGViOC0zNTkzLWFhOWEtNGFhMzJkMDk3NGE2
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" group-title="DENS TV" tvg-logo="", Live Streaming 1
http://210.210.155.35/x6bnqe/s/s100/live.m3u8?app_type=web&userid=50n13N0v14nd1&tkn=829341hrjhaq0q30q&chname=Live_Streaming_1

#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=Mozilla/5.0 (QtEmbedded; U; Linux; C) AppleWebKit/533.3 (KHTML, like Gecko) MAG200 stbapp ver: 2 rev: 250 Safari/533.3
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MjhkOWZkZjYtOGViOC0zNTkzLWFhOWEtNGFhMzJkMDk3NGE2
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" group-title="DENS TV" tvg-logo="", Live Streaming 2
http://210.210.155.35/uq2663/h/h998/live.m3u8?app_type=web&userid=50n13N0v14nd1&tkn=829341hrjhaq0q30q&chname=Live_Streaming_2

#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=Mozilla/5.0 (QtEmbedded; U; Linux; C) AppleWebKit/533.3 (KHTML, like Gecko) MAG200 stbapp ver: 2 rev: 250 Safari/533.3
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MjhkOWZkZjYtOGViOC0zNTkzLWFhOWEtNGFhMzJkMDk3NGE2
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" group-title="DENS TV" tvg-logo="", DensPlay
http://210.210.155.35/x6bnqe/s/s101/live.m3u8?app_type=web&userid=50n13N0v14nd1&tkn=829341hrjhaq0q30q&chname=DensPlay
http://210.210.155.35/x6bnqe/s/s101/live.m3u8

#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=Mozilla/5.0 (QtEmbedded; U; Linux; C) AppleWebKit/533.3 (KHTML, like Gecko) MAG200 stbapp ver: 2 rev: 250 Safari/533.3
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MjhkOWZkZjYtOGViOC0zNTkzLWFhOWEtNGFhMzJkMDk3NGE2
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" group-title="DENS TV" tvg-logo="", DENS Life & Style
http://210.210.155.35/dr9445/h/h01/01.m3u8?app_type=web&userid=50n13N0v14nd1&tkn=829341hrjhaq0q30q&chname=DENS_Life_n_Style
http://210.210.155.35/dr9445/h/h01/01.m3u8

#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=Mozilla/5.0 (QtEmbedded; U; Linux; C) AppleWebKit/533.3 (KHTML, like Gecko) MAG200 stbapp ver: 2 rev: 250 Safari/533.3
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MjhkOWZkZjYtOGViOC0zNTkzLWFhOWEtNGFhMzJkMDk3NGE2
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" group-title="DENS TV" tvg-logo="", Dens Learning & Knowledge
http://210.210.155.35/x6bnqe/s/s36/index.m3u8?app_type=web&userid=50n13N0v14nd1&tkn=829341hrjhaq0q30q&chname=Dens_Learning_n_Knowledge

#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=Mozilla/5.0 (QtEmbedded; U; Linux; C) AppleWebKit/533.3 (KHTML, like Gecko) MAG200 stbapp ver: 2 rev: 250 Safari/533.3
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MjhkOWZkZjYtOGViOC0zNTkzLWFhOWEtNGFhMzJkMDk3NGE2
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" group-title="DENS TV" tvg-logo="", Dens ShowBiz
http://210.210.155.35/x6bnqe/s/s35/index.m3u8?app_type=web&userid=50n13N0v14nd1&tkn=829341hrjhaq0q30q&chname=Dens_ShowBiz
http://rr3.dens.tv/s/s113/index.m3u8

#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=Mozilla/5.0 (QtEmbedded; U; Linux; C) AppleWebKit/533.3 (KHTML, like Gecko) MAG200 stbapp ver: 2 rev: 250 Safari/533.3
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MjhkOWZkZjYtOGViOC0zNTkzLWFhOWEtNGFhMzJkMDk3NGE2
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" group-title="DENS TV" tvg-logo="", Dens Food Channel
http://210.210.155.35/x6bnqe/s/s50/live.m3u8?app_type=web&userid=50n13N0v14nd1&tkn=829341hrjhaq0q30q&chname=Dens_Food_Channel_Trial-
http://210.210.155.37/x6bnqe/s/s38/index.m3u8|User-Agent=Lavf/56.15.102

#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=Mozilla/5.0 (QtEmbedded; U; Linux; C) AppleWebKit/533.3 (KHTML, like Gecko) MAG200 stbapp ver: 2 rev: 250 Safari/533.3
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MjhkOWZkZjYtOGViOC0zNTkzLWFhOWEtNGFhMzJkMDk3NGE2
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" group-title="DENS TV" tvg-logo="", Metro TV
http://210.210.155.35/uq2663/h/h12/index.m3u8?app_type=web&userid=50n13N0v14nd1&tkn=829341hrjhaq0q30q&chname=Metro_TV

#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=Mozilla/5.0 (QtEmbedded; U; Linux; C) AppleWebKit/533.3 (KHTML, like Gecko) MAG200 stbapp ver: 2 rev: 250 Safari/533.3
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MjhkOWZkZjYtOGViOC0zNTkzLWFhOWEtNGFhMzJkMDk3NGE2
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" group-title="DENS TV" tvg-logo="", tvOne
http://210.210.155.35/qwr9ew/s/s105/index3.m3u8?app_type=web&userid=50n13N0v14nd1&tkn=829341hrjhaq0q30q&chname=tvOne

#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=Mozilla/5.0 (QtEmbedded; U; Linux; C) AppleWebKit/533.3 (KHTML, like Gecko) MAG200 stbapp ver: 2 rev: 250 Safari/533.3
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MjhkOWZkZjYtOGViOC0zNTkzLWFhOWEtNGFhMzJkMDk3NGE2
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" group-title="DENS TV" tvg-logo="", Kompas TV
http://210.210.155.35/qwr9ew/s/s104/index10.m3u8?app_type=web&userid=50n13N0v14nd1&tkn=829341hrjhaq0q30q&chname=Kompas_TV

#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=Mozilla/5.0 (QtEmbedded; U; Linux; C) AppleWebKit/533.3 (KHTML, like Gecko) MAG200 stbapp ver: 2 rev: 250 Safari/533.3
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MjhkOWZkZjYtOGViOC0zNTkzLWFhOWEtNGFhMzJkMDk3NGE2
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" group-title="DENS TV" tvg-logo="", BeritaSatu
http://edge.linknetott.swiftserve.com/live/BsNew/amlst:beritasatunewsbs/chunklist_b1128000.m3u8?app_type=web&userid=50n13N0v14nd1&tkn=829341hrjhaq0q30q&chname=BeritaSatu

#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=Mozilla/5.0 (QtEmbedded; U; Linux; C) AppleWebKit/533.3 (KHTML, like Gecko) MAG200 stbapp ver: 2 rev: 250 Safari/533.3
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MjhkOWZkZjYtOGViOC0zNTkzLWFhOWEtNGFhMzJkMDk3NGE2
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" group-title="DENS TV" tvg-logo="", SCTV
http://210.210.155.35/qwr9ew/s/s03/index.m3u8?app_type=web&userid=50n13N0v14nd1&tkn=829341hrjhaq0q30q&chname=SCTV

#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=Mozilla/5.0 (QtEmbedded; U; Linux; C) AppleWebKit/533.3 (KHTML, like Gecko) MAG200 stbapp ver: 2 rev: 250 Safari/533.3
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MjhkOWZkZjYtOGViOC0zNTkzLWFhOWEtNGFhMzJkMDk3NGE2
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" group-title="DENS TV" tvg-logo="", Indosiar
http://210.210.155.35/qwr9ew/s/s04/index.m3u8?app_type=web&userid=50n13N0v14nd1&tkn=829341hrjhaq0q30q&chname=Indosiar

#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=Mozilla/5.0 (QtEmbedded; U; Linux; C) AppleWebKit/533.3 (KHTML, like Gecko) MAG200 stbapp ver: 2 rev: 250 Safari/533.3
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MjhkOWZkZjYtOGViOC0zNTkzLWFhOWEtNGFhMzJkMDk3NGE2
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" group-title="DENS TV" tvg-logo="", O Channel
http://210.210.155.35/qwr9ew/s/s41/index.m3u8?app_type=web&userid=50n13N0v14nd1&tkn=829341hrjhaq0q30q&chname=OChannel

#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=Mozilla/5.0 (QtEmbedded; U; Linux; C) AppleWebKit/533.3 (KHTML, like Gecko) MAG200 stbapp ver: 2 rev: 250 Safari/533.3
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MjhkOWZkZjYtOGViOC0zNTkzLWFhOWEtNGFhMzJkMDk3NGE2
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" group-title="DENS TV" tvg-logo="", Trans TV
http://210.210.155.35/qwr9ew/s/s05/index.m3u8?app_type=web&userid=50n13N0v14nd1&tkn=829341hrjhaq0q30q&chname=Trans_TV

#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=Mozilla/5.0 (QtEmbedded; U; Linux; C) AppleWebKit/533.3 (KHTML, like Gecko) MAG200 stbapp ver: 2 rev: 250 Safari/533.3
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MjhkOWZkZjYtOGViOC0zNTkzLWFhOWEtNGFhMzJkMDk3NGE2
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" group-title="DENS TV" tvg-logo="", Trans7
http://210.210.155.35/uq2663/h/h11/index.m3u8?app_type=web&userid=50n13N0v14nd1&tkn=829341hrjhaq0q30q&chname=Trans7

#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=Mozilla/5.0 (QtEmbedded; U; Linux; C) AppleWebKit/533.3 (KHTML, like Gecko) MAG200 stbapp ver: 2 rev: 250 Safari/533.3
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MjhkOWZkZjYtOGViOC0zNTkzLWFhOWEtNGFhMzJkMDk3NGE2
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" group-title="DENS TV" tvg-logo="", antv
http://210.210.155.35/qwr9ew/s/s07/index3.m3u8?app_type=web&userid=50n13N0v14nd1&tkn=829341hrjhaq0q30q&chname=antv

#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=Mozilla/5.0 (QtEmbedded; U; Linux; C) AppleWebKit/533.3 (KHTML, like Gecko) MAG200 stbapp ver: 2 rev: 250 Safari/533.3
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MjhkOWZkZjYtOGViOC0zNTkzLWFhOWEtNGFhMzJkMDk3NGE2
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" group-title="DENS TV" tvg-logo="", NET.
http://210.210.155.35/qwr9ew/s/s08/index10.m3u8?app_type=web&userid=50n13N0v14nd1&tkn=829341hrjhaq0q30q&chname=NET.

#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=Mozilla/5.0 (QtEmbedded; U; Linux; C) AppleWebKit/533.3 (KHTML, like Gecko) MAG200 stbapp ver: 2 rev: 250 Safari/533.3
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MjhkOWZkZjYtOGViOC0zNTkzLWFhOWEtNGFhMzJkMDk3NGE2
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" group-title="DENS TV" tvg-logo="", RTV
#http://210.210.155.35/qwr9ew/s/s12/index10.m3u8?app_type=web&userid=50n13N0v14nd1&tkn=829341hrjhaq0q30q&chname=RTV

#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=Mozilla/5.0 (QtEmbedded; U; Linux; C) AppleWebKit/533.3 (KHTML, like Gecko) MAG200 stbapp ver: 2 rev: 250 Safari/533.3
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MjhkOWZkZjYtOGViOC0zNTkzLWFhOWEtNGFhMzJkMDk3NGE2
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" group-title="DENS TV" tvg-logo="", Elshinta TV
http://210.210.155.35/qwr9ew/s/s10/index10.m3u8?app_type=web&userid=50n13N0v14nd1&tkn=829341hrjhaq0q30q&chname=Elshinta_TV

#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=Mozilla/5.0 (QtEmbedded; U; Linux; C) AppleWebKit/533.3 (KHTML, like Gecko) MAG200 stbapp ver: 2 rev: 250 Safari/533.3
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MjhkOWZkZjYtOGViOC0zNTkzLWFhOWEtNGFhMzJkMDk3NGE2
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" group-title="DENS TV" tvg-logo="", MYTV
http://210.210.155.35/x6bnqe/s/s88/index2.m3u8?app_type=web&userid=50n13N0v14nd1&tkn=829341hrjhaq0q30q&chname=MYTV

#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=Mozilla/5.0 (QtEmbedded; U; Linux; C) AppleWebKit/533.3 (KHTML, like Gecko) MAG200 stbapp ver: 2 rev: 250 Safari/533.3
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MjhkOWZkZjYtOGViOC0zNTkzLWFhOWEtNGFhMzJkMDk3NGE2
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" group-title="DENS TV" tvg-logo="", U Channel
http://210.210.155.35/x6bnqe/s/s73/index2.m3u8?app_type=web&userid=50n13N0v14nd1&tkn=829341hrjhaq0q30q&chname=O_Channel_Trial-

#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=Mozilla/5.0 (QtEmbedded; U; Linux; C) AppleWebKit/533.3 (KHTML, like Gecko) MAG200 stbapp ver: 2 rev: 250 Safari/533.3
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MjhkOWZkZjYtOGViOC0zNTkzLWFhOWEtNGFhMzJkMDk3NGE2
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" group-title="DENS TV" tvg-logo="", TVRI
http://210.210.155.35/qwr9ew/s/s11/index10.m3u8?app_type=web&userid=50n13N0v14nd1&tkn=829341hrjhaq0q30q&chname=TVRI

#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=Mozilla/5.0 (QtEmbedded; U; Linux; C) AppleWebKit/533.3 (KHTML, like Gecko) MAG200 stbapp ver: 2 rev: 250 Safari/533.3
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MjhkOWZkZjYtOGViOC0zNTkzLWFhOWEtNGFhMzJkMDk3NGE2
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" group-title="DENS TV" tvg-logo="", TVRI Sport
http://210.210.155.35/qwr9ew/s/s107/index10.m3u8?app_type=web&userid=50n13N0v14nd1&tkn=829341hrjhaq0q30q&chname=TVRI_Sport
http://rr2.dens.tv/s/s107/index.m3u8

#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=Mozilla/5.0 (QtEmbedded; U; Linux; C) AppleWebKit/533.3 (KHTML, like Gecko) MAG200 stbapp ver: 2 rev: 250 Safari/533.3
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MjhkOWZkZjYtOGViOC0zNTkzLWFhOWEtNGFhMzJkMDk3NGE2
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" group-title="DENS TV" tvg-logo="", Jak tv
http://210.210.155.35/x6bnqe/s/s46/index2.m3u8?app_type=web&userid=50n13N0v14nd1&tkn=829341hrjhaq0q30q&chname=Jak_tv_Trial-

#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=Mozilla/5.0 (QtEmbedded; U; Linux; C) AppleWebKit/533.3 (KHTML, like Gecko) MAG200 stbapp ver: 2 rev: 250 Safari/533.3
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MjhkOWZkZjYtOGViOC0zNTkzLWFhOWEtNGFhMzJkMDk3NGE2
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" group-title="DENS TV" tvg-logo="", RodjaTV
http://210.210.155.35/qwr9ew/s/s14/index10.m3u8?app_type=web&userid=50n13N0v14nd1&tkn=829341hrjhaq0q30q&chname=RodjaTV

#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=Mozilla/5.0 (QtEmbedded; U; Linux; C) AppleWebKit/533.3 (KHTML, like Gecko) MAG200 stbapp ver: 2 rev: 250 Safari/533.3
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MjhkOWZkZjYtOGViOC0zNTkzLWFhOWEtNGFhMzJkMDk3NGE2
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" group-title="DENS TV" tvg-logo="", DAAI TV
http://210.210.155.35/qwr9ew/s/s13/index.m3u8?app_type=web&userid=50n13N0v14nd1&tkn=829341hrjhaq0q30q&chname=DAAI_TV

#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=Mozilla/5.0 (QtEmbedded; U; Linux; C) AppleWebKit/533.3 (KHTML, like Gecko) MAG200 stbapp ver: 2 rev: 250 Safari/533.3
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MjhkOWZkZjYtOGViOC0zNTkzLWFhOWEtNGFhMzJkMDk3NGE2
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" group-title="DENS TV" tvg-logo="", CNA
http://210.210.155.35/uq2663/h/h29/index10.m3u8?app_type=web&userid=50n13N0v14nd1&tkn=829341hrjhaq0q30q&chname=CNA

#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=Mozilla/5.0 (QtEmbedded; U; Linux; C) AppleWebKit/533.3 (KHTML, like Gecko) MAG200 stbapp ver: 2 rev: 250 Safari/533.3
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MjhkOWZkZjYtOGViOC0zNTkzLWFhOWEtNGFhMzJkMDk3NGE2
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" group-title="DENS TV" tvg-logo="", DUBAI International
http://210.210.155.35/uq2663/h/h152/index2.m3u8?app_type=web&userid=50n13N0v14nd1&tkn=829341hrjhaq0q30q&chname=DUBAI_nternational

#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=Mozilla/5.0 (QtEmbedded; U; Linux; C) AppleWebKit/533.3 (KHTML, like Gecko) MAG200 stbapp ver: 2 rev: 250 Safari/533.3
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MjhkOWZkZjYtOGViOC0zNTkzLWFhOWEtNGFhMzJkMDk3NGE2
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" group-title="DENS TV" tvg-logo="", NHK WORLD-JAPAN
http://210.210.155.35/uq2663/h/h23/index.m3u8?app_type=web&userid=50n13N0v14nd1&tkn=829341hrjhaq0q30q&chname=NHK_WORLD-JAPAN

#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=Mozilla/5.0 (QtEmbedded; U; Linux; C) AppleWebKit/533.3 (KHTML, like Gecko) MAG200 stbapp ver: 2 rev: 250 Safari/533.3
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MjhkOWZkZjYtOGViOC0zNTkzLWFhOWEtNGFhMzJkMDk3NGE2
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" group-title="DENS TV" tvg-logo="", Al Jazeera English
http://210.210.155.35/qwr9ew/s/s17/index.m3u8?app_type=web&userid=50n13N0v14nd1&tkn=829341hrjhaq0q30q&chname=Al_Jazeera_English

#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=Mozilla/5.0 (QtEmbedded; U; Linux; C) AppleWebKit/533.3 (KHTML, like Gecko) MAG200 stbapp ver: 2 rev: 250 Safari/533.3
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MjhkOWZkZjYtOGViOC0zNTkzLWFhOWEtNGFhMzJkMDk3NGE2
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" group-title="DENS TV" tvg-logo="", TRT World
http://210.210.155.35/uq2663/h/h156/index2.m3u8?app_type=web&userid=50n13N0v14nd1&tkn=829341hrjhaq0q30q&chname=TRT_World

#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=Mozilla/5.0 (QtEmbedded; U; Linux; C) AppleWebKit/533.3 (KHTML, like Gecko) MAG200 stbapp ver: 2 rev: 250 Safari/533.3
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MjhkOWZkZjYtOGViOC0zNTkzLWFhOWEtNGFhMzJkMDk3NGE2
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" group-title="DENS TV" tvg-logo="", TVE
http://210.210.155.35/uq2663/h/h158/index2.m3u8?app_type=web&userid=50n13N0v14nd1&tkn=829341hrjhaq0q30q&chname=TVE
http://rr.dens.tv/h/h158/index2.m3u8

#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=Mozilla/5.0 (QtEmbedded; U; Linux; C) AppleWebKit/533.3 (KHTML, like Gecko) MAG200 stbapp ver: 2 rev: 250 Safari/533.3
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MjhkOWZkZjYtOGViOC0zNTkzLWFhOWEtNGFhMzJkMDk3NGE2
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" group-title="DENS TV" tvg-logo="", WION (World is One News)
http://210.210.155.35/uq2663/h/h91/index2.m3u8?app_type=web&userid=50n13N0v14nd1&tkn=829341hrjhaq0q30q&chname=WION

#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=Mozilla/5.0 (QtEmbedded; U; Linux; C) AppleWebKit/533.3 (KHTML, like Gecko) MAG200 stbapp ver: 2 rev: 250 Safari/533.3
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MjhkOWZkZjYtOGViOC0zNTkzLWFhOWEtNGFhMzJkMDk3NGE2
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" group-title="DENS TV" tvg-logo="", UA TV
http://210.210.155.35/uq2663/h/h101/index2.m3u8?app_type=web&userid=50n13N0v14nd1&tkn=829341hrjhaq0q30q&chname=UA%7CTV

#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=Mozilla/5.0 (QtEmbedded; U; Linux; C) AppleWebKit/533.3 (KHTML, like Gecko) MAG200 stbapp ver: 2 rev: 250 Safari/533.3
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MjhkOWZkZjYtOGViOC0zNTkzLWFhOWEtNGFhMzJkMDk3NGE2
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" group-title="DENS TV" tvg-logo="", Al Jazeera Arabic
http://210.210.155.35/qwr9ew/s/s16/index.m3u8?app_type=web&userid=50n13N0v14nd1&tkn=829341hrjhaq0q30q&chname=Al_Jazeera_Arabic

#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=Mozilla/5.0 (QtEmbedded; U; Linux; C) AppleWebKit/533.3 (KHTML, like Gecko) MAG200 stbapp ver: 2 rev: 250 Safari/533.3
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MjhkOWZkZjYtOGViOC0zNTkzLWFhOWEtNGFhMzJkMDk3NGE2
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" group-title="DENS TV" tvg-logo="", CCTV-4
http://210.210.155.35/qwr9ew/s/s19/index.m3u8?app_type=web&userid=50n13N0v14nd1&tkn=829341hrjhaq0q30q&chname=CCTV-4

#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=Mozilla/5.0 (QtEmbedded; U; Linux; C) AppleWebKit/533.3 (KHTML, like Gecko) MAG200 stbapp ver: 2 rev: 250 Safari/533.3
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MjhkOWZkZjYtOGViOC0zNTkzLWFhOWEtNGFhMzJkMDk3NGE2
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" group-title="DENS TV" tvg-logo="", Phoenix Chinese
http://210.210.155.37/uq2663/h/h157/index2.m3u8?app_type=web&userid=50n13N0v14nd1&tkn=829341hrjhaq0q30q&chname=Phoenix_Chinese

#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=Mozilla/5.0 (QtEmbedded; U; Linux; C) AppleWebKit/533.3 (KHTML, like Gecko) MAG200 stbapp ver: 2 rev: 250 Safari/533.3
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MjhkOWZkZjYtOGViOC0zNTkzLWFhOWEtNGFhMzJkMDk3NGE2
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" group-title="DENS TV" tvg-logo="", Phoenix InfoNews Channel
http://210.210.155.37/qwr9ew/s/s21/01.m3u8?app_type=web&userid=50n13N0v14nd1&tkn=829341hrjhaq0q30q&chname=Phoenix

#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=Mozilla/5.0 (QtEmbedded; U; Linux; C) AppleWebKit/533.3 (KHTML, like Gecko) MAG200 stbapp ver: 2 rev: 250 Safari/533.3
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MjhkOWZkZjYtOGViOC0zNTkzLWFhOWEtNGFhMzJkMDk3NGE2
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" group-title="DENS TV" tvg-logo="", Shanghai Dragon
http://rr3.dens.tv/s/s29/index.m3u8?app_type=web&userid=50n13N0v14nd1&tkn=829341hrjhaq0q30q&chname=Shanghai_Dragon

#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=Mozilla/5.0 (QtEmbedded; U; Linux; C) AppleWebKit/533.3 (KHTML, like Gecko) MAG200 stbapp ver: 2 rev: 250 Safari/533.3
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MjhkOWZkZjYtOGViOC0zNTkzLWFhOWEtNGFhMzJkMDk3NGE2
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" group-title="DENS TV" tvg-logo="",Xing Kong Int
http://210.210.155.37/x6bnqe/s/s94/index2.m3u8

#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=Mozilla/5.0 (QtEmbedded; U; Linux; C) AppleWebKit/533.3 (KHTML, like Gecko) MAG200 stbapp ver: 2 rev: 250 Safari/533.3
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MjhkOWZkZjYtOGViOC0zNTkzLWFhOWEtNGFhMzJkMDk3NGE2
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" group-title="DENS TV" tvg-logo="", France 24
http://210.210.155.35/qwr9ew/s/s22/index.m3u8?app_type=web&userid=50n13N0v14nd1&tkn=829341hrjhaq0q30q&chname=France_24

#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=Mozilla/5.0 (QtEmbedded; U; Linux; C) AppleWebKit/533.3 (KHTML, like Gecko) MAG200 stbapp ver: 2 rev: 250 Safari/533.3
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MjhkOWZkZjYtOGViOC0zNTkzLWFhOWEtNGFhMzJkMDk3NGE2
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" group-title="DENS TV" tvg-logo="", TV5MONDE ASIE
http://210.210.155.35/dr9445/s/s24/index.m3u8?app_type=web&userid=50n13N0v14nd1&tkn=829341hrjhaq0q30q&chname=TV5MONDE_ASIE

#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=Mozilla/5.0 (QtEmbedded; U; Linux; C) AppleWebKit/533.3 (KHTML, like Gecko) MAG200 stbapp ver: 2 rev: 250 Safari/533.3
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MjhkOWZkZjYtOGViOC0zNTkzLWFhOWEtNGFhMzJkMDk3NGE2
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" group-title="DENS TV" tvg-logo="", DW TV
#http://210.210.155.35/qwr9ew/s/s26/index.m3u8?app_type=web&userid=50n13N0v14nd1&tkn=829341hrjhaq0q30q&chname=DW-TV

#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=Mozilla/5.0 (QtEmbedded; U; Linux; C) AppleWebKit/533.3 (KHTML, like Gecko) MAG200 stbapp ver: 2 rev: 250 Safari/533.3
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MjhkOWZkZjYtOGViOC0zNTkzLWFhOWEtNGFhMzJkMDk3NGE2
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" group-title="DENS TV" tvg-logo="", TBN (Trinity Broadcasting
http://210.210.155.35/qwr9ew/s/s39/index.m3u8?app_type=web&userid=50n13N0v14nd1&tkn=829341hrjhaq0q30q&chname=TBN

#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=Mozilla/5.0 (QtEmbedded; U; Linux; C) AppleWebKit/533.3 (KHTML, like Gecko) MAG200 stbapp ver: 2 rev: 250 Safari/533.3
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MjhkOWZkZjYtOGViOC0zNTkzLWFhOWEtNGFhMzJkMDk3NGE2
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" group-title="DENS TV" tvg-logo="", CGTN Documentary
http://210.210.155.35/qwr9ew/s/s20/index10.m3u8?app_type=web&userid=50n13N0v14nd1&tkn=829341hrjhaq0q30q&chname=CGTN_Documentary

#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=Mozilla/5.0 (QtEmbedded; U; Linux; C) AppleWebKit/533.3 (KHTML, like Gecko) MAG200 stbapp ver: 2 rev: 250 Safari/533.3
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MjhkOWZkZjYtOGViOC0zNTkzLWFhOWEtNGFhMzJkMDk3NGE2
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" group-title="DENS TV" tvg-logo="", Quran TV
http://210.210.155.35/qwr9ew/s/s28/index10.m3u8?app_type=web&userid=50n13N0v14nd1&tkn=829341hrjhaq0q30q&chname=Quran_TV

#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=Mozilla/5.0 (QtEmbedded; U; Linux; C) AppleWebKit/533.3 (KHTML, like Gecko) MAG200 stbapp ver: 2 rev: 250 Safari/533.3
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MjhkOWZkZjYtOGViOC0zNTkzLWFhOWEtNGFhMzJkMDk3NGE2
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" group-title="DENS TV" tvg-logo="", Sunna TV
http://210.210.155.35/qwr9ew/s/s27/index10.m3u8?app_type=web&userid=50n13N0v14nd1&tkn=829341hrjhaq0q30q&chname=Sunna_TV

#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=Mozilla/5.0 (QtEmbedded; U; Linux; C) AppleWebKit/533.3 (KHTML, like Gecko) MAG200 stbapp ver: 2 rev: 250 Safari/533.3
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MjhkOWZkZjYtOGViOC0zNTkzLWFhOWEtNGFhMzJkMDk3NGE2
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" group-title="DENS TV" tvg-logo="", eGG
http://210.210.155.35/uq2663/h/h22/index.m3u8?app_type=web&userid=50n13N0v14nd1&tkn=829341hrjhaq0q30q&chname=eGG_HD

#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=Mozilla/5.0 (QtEmbedded; U; Linux; C) AppleWebKit/533.3 (KHTML, like Gecko) MAG200 stbapp ver: 2 rev: 250 Safari/533.3
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MjhkOWZkZjYtOGViOC0zNTkzLWFhOWEtNGFhMzJkMDk3NGE2
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" group-title="DENS TV" tvg-logo="", ANIPLUS
http://210.210.155.35/dr9445/h/h02/index10.m3u8?app_type=web&userid=50n13N0v14nd1&tkn=829341hrjhaq0q30q&chname=ANIPLUS_HD

#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=Mozilla/5.0 (QtEmbedded; U; Linux; C) AppleWebKit/533.3 (KHTML, like Gecko) MAG200 stbapp ver: 2 rev: 250 Safari/533.3
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MjhkOWZkZjYtOGViOC0zNTkzLWFhOWEtNGFhMzJkMDk3NGE2
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" group-title="DENS TV" tvg-logo="", Animax
http://210.210.155.35/dr9445/h/h144/index10.m3u8?app_type=web&userid=50n13N0v14nd1&tkn=829341hrjhaq0q30q&chname=Animax_HD

#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=Mozilla/5.0 (QtEmbedded; U; Linux; C) AppleWebKit/533.3 (KHTML, like Gecko) MAG200 stbapp ver: 2 rev: 250 Safari/533.3
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MjhkOWZkZjYtOGViOC0zNTkzLWFhOWEtNGFhMzJkMDk3NGE2
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" group-title="DENS TV" tvg-logo="", Toonmax TV
http://210.210.155.37/qwr9ew/s/s50/01.m3u8?app_type=web&userid=50n13N0v14nd1&tkn=829341hrjhaq0q30q&chname=Toonmax

#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=Mozilla/5.0 (QtEmbedded; U; Linux; C) AppleWebKit/533.3 (KHTML, like Gecko) MAG200 stbapp ver: 2 rev: 250 Safari/533.3
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MjhkOWZkZjYtOGViOC0zNTkzLWFhOWEtNGFhMzJkMDk3NGE2
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" group-title="DENS TV" tvg-logo="", My Kidz
http://210.210.155.35/uq2663/h/h191/index.m3u8?app_type=web&userid=50n13N0v14nd1&tkn=829341hrjhaq0q30q&chname=My_Kidz_HD

#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=Mozilla/5.0 (QtEmbedded; U; Linux; C) AppleWebKit/533.3 (KHTML, like Gecko) MAG200 stbapp ver: 2 rev: 250 Safari/533.3
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MjhkOWZkZjYtOGViOC0zNTkzLWFhOWEtNGFhMzJkMDk3NGE2
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" group-title="DENS TV" tvg-logo="", Kids Channel - Toonz Kids
http://210.210.155.35/x6bnqe/s/s81/01.m3u8?app_type=web&userid=50n13N0v14nd1&tkn=829341hrjhaq0q30q&chname=Kids_Channel_-_Toonz_Kids_Trial-

#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=Mozilla/5.0 (QtEmbedded; U; Linux; C) AppleWebKit/533.3 (KHTML, like Gecko) MAG200 stbapp ver: 2 rev: 250 Safari/533.3
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MjhkOWZkZjYtOGViOC0zNTkzLWFhOWEtNGFhMzJkMDk3NGE2
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" group-title="DENS TV" tvg-logo="", HITS
http://210.210.155.35/dr9445/h/h37/index1.m3u8?app_type=web&userid=50n13N0v14nd1&tkn=829341hrjhaq0q30q&chname=HITS_HD

#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=Mozilla/5.0 (QtEmbedded; U; Linux; C) AppleWebKit/533.3 (KHTML, like Gecko) MAG200 stbapp ver: 2 rev: 250 Safari/533.3
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MjhkOWZkZjYtOGViOC0zNTkzLWFhOWEtNGFhMzJkMDk3NGE2
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" group-title="DENS TV" tvg-logo="", AXN
http://210.210.155.35/dr9445/h/h141/index.m3u8?app_type=web&userid=50n13N0v14nd1&tkn=829341hrjhaq0q30q&chname=AXN_HD

#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=Mozilla/5.0 (QtEmbedded; U; Linux; C) AppleWebKit/533.3 (KHTML, like Gecko) MAG200 stbapp ver: 2 rev: 250 Safari/533.3
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MjhkOWZkZjYtOGViOC0zNTkzLWFhOWEtNGFhMzJkMDk3NGE2
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" group-title="DENS TV" tvg-logo="", ROCK Entertainment
http://210.210.155.35/dr9445/h/h16/index10.m3u8?app_type=web&userid=50n13N0v14nd1&tkn=829341hrjhaq0q30q&chname=ROCK_Entertainment_HD

#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=Mozilla/5.0 (QtEmbedded; U; Linux; C) AppleWebKit/533.3 (KHTML, like Gecko) MAG200 stbapp ver: 2 rev: 250 Safari/533.3
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MjhkOWZkZjYtOGViOC0zNTkzLWFhOWEtNGFhMzJkMDk3NGE2
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" group-title="DENS TV" tvg-logo="", ROCK Extreme
http://210.210.155.35/dr9445/h/h15/index10.m3u8?app_type=web&userid=50n13N0v14nd1&tkn=829341hrjhaq0q30q&chname=ROCK_Extreme_HD

#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=Mozilla/5.0 (QtEmbedded; U; Linux; C) AppleWebKit/533.3 (KHTML, like Gecko) MAG200 stbapp ver: 2 rev: 250 Safari/533.3
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MjhkOWZkZjYtOGViOC0zNTkzLWFhOWEtNGFhMzJkMDk3NGE2
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" group-title="DENS TV" tvg-logo="", RTP International
http://210.210.155.37/qwr9ew/s/s38/01.m3u8?app_type=web&userid=50n13N0v14nd1&tkn=829341hrjhaq0q30q&chname=RTP

#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=Mozilla/5.0 (QtEmbedded; U; Linux; C) AppleWebKit/533.3 (KHTML, like Gecko) MAG200 stbapp ver: 2 rev: 250 Safari/533.3
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MjhkOWZkZjYtOGViOC0zNTkzLWFhOWEtNGFhMzJkMDk3NGE2
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" group-title="DENS TV" tvg-logo="", KIX
http://210.210.155.35/dr9445/h/h07/index.m3u8?app_type=web&userid=50n13N0v14nd1&tkn=829341hrjhaq0q30q&chname=KIX_HD

#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=Mozilla/5.0 (QtEmbedded; U; Linux; C) AppleWebKit/533.3 (KHTML, like Gecko) MAG200 stbapp ver: 2 rev: 250 Safari/533.3
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MjhkOWZkZjYtOGViOC0zNTkzLWFhOWEtNGFhMzJkMDk3NGE2
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" group-title="DENS TV" tvg-logo="", GEM
http://210.210.155.35/uq2663/h/h19/index10.m3u8?app_type=web&userid=50n13N0v14nd1&tkn=829341hrjhaq0q30q&chname=GEM_HD

#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=Mozilla/5.0 (QtEmbedded; U; Linux; C) AppleWebKit/533.3 (KHTML, like Gecko) MAG200 stbapp ver: 2 rev: 250 Safari/533.3
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MjhkOWZkZjYtOGViOC0zNTkzLWFhOWEtNGFhMzJkMDk3NGE2
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" group-title="DENS TV" tvg-logo="", K-PLUS
http://210.210.155.35/uq2663/h/h08/index.m3u8?app_type=web&userid=50n13N0v14nd1&tkn=829341hrjhaq0q30q&chname=K-PLUS_HD

#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=Mozilla/5.0 (QtEmbedded; U; Linux; C) AppleWebKit/533.3 (KHTML, like Gecko) MAG200 stbapp ver: 2 rev: 250 Safari/533.3
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MjhkOWZkZjYtOGViOC0zNTkzLWFhOWEtNGFhMzJkMDk3NGE2
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" group-title="DENS TV" tvg-logo="", ONE
http://210.210.155.35/uq2663/h/h143/index.m3u8?app_type=web&userid=50n13N0v14nd1&tkn=829341hrjhaq0q30q&chname=ONE_HD

#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=Mozilla/5.0 (QtEmbedded; U; Linux; C) AppleWebKit/533.3 (KHTML, like Gecko) MAG200 stbapp ver: 2 rev: 250 Safari/533.3
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MjhkOWZkZjYtOGViOC0zNTkzLWFhOWEtNGFhMzJkMDk3NGE2
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" group-title="DENS TV" tvg-logo="", tvN
http://210.210.155.35/dr9445/h/h20/index.m3u8?app_type=web&userid=50n13N0v14nd1&tkn=829341hrjhaq0q30q&chname=tvN_HD

#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=Mozilla/5.0 (QtEmbedded; U; Linux; C) AppleWebKit/533.3 (KHTML, like Gecko) MAG200 stbapp ver: 2 rev: 250 Safari/533.3
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MjhkOWZkZjYtOGViOC0zNTkzLWFhOWEtNGFhMzJkMDk3NGE2
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" group-title="DENS TV" tvg-logo="", tvN Movies
http://210.210.155.35/dr9445/h/h21/index.m3u8?app_type=web&userid=50n13N0v14nd1&tkn=829341hrjhaq0q30q&chname=tvN_Movies_HD

#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=Mozilla/5.0 (QtEmbedded; U; Linux; C) AppleWebKit/533.3 (KHTML, like Gecko) MAG200 stbapp ver: 2 rev: 250 Safari/533.3
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MjhkOWZkZjYtOGViOC0zNTkzLWFhOWEtNGFhMzJkMDk3NGE2
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" group-title="DENS TV" tvg-logo="", Celestial Movies
http://210.210.155.35/dr9445/h/h14/index.m3u8?app_type=web&userid=50n13N0v14nd1&tkn=829341hrjhaq0q30q&chname=Celestial_Movies

#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=Mozilla/5.0 (QtEmbedded; U; Linux; C) AppleWebKit/533.3 (KHTML, like Gecko) MAG200 stbapp ver: 2 rev: 250 Safari/533.3
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MjhkOWZkZjYtOGViOC0zNTkzLWFhOWEtNGFhMzJkMDk3NGE2
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" group-title="DENS TV" tvg-logo="", CCM (Celestial Classic Movies)
http://210.210.155.35/qwr9ew/s/s31/index.m3u8?app_type=web&userid=50n13N0v14nd1&tkn=829341hrjhaq0q30q&chname=CCM_Celestial_Classic_MV-

#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=Mozilla/5.0 (QtEmbedded; U; Linux; C) AppleWebKit/533.3 (KHTML, like Gecko) MAG200 stbapp ver: 2 rev: 250 Safari/533.3
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MjhkOWZkZjYtOGViOC0zNTkzLWFhOWEtNGFhMzJkMDk3NGE2
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" group-title="DENS TV" tvg-logo="", Sinema Indonesia
http://210.210.155.37/uq2663/h/h155/index2.m3u8

#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=Mozilla/5.0 (QtEmbedded; U; Linux; C) AppleWebKit/533.3 (KHTML, like Gecko) MAG200 stbapp ver: 2 rev: 250 Safari/533.3
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MjhkOWZkZjYtOGViOC0zNTkzLWFhOWEtNGFhMzJkMDk3NGE2
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" group-title="DENS TV" tvg-logo="", Telenovela
http://210.210.155.37/uq2663/h/h153/index2.m3u8

#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=Mozilla/5.0 (QtEmbedded; U; Linux; C) AppleWebKit/533.3 (KHTML, like Gecko) MAG200 stbapp ver: 2 rev: 250 Safari/533.3
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MjhkOWZkZjYtOGViOC0zNTkzLWFhOWEtNGFhMzJkMDk3NGE2
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" group-title="DENS TV" tvg-logo="", My Cinema Asia
http://210.210.155.35/uq2663/h/h193/index.m3u8?app_type=web&userid=50n13N0v14nd1&tkn=829341hrjhaq0q30q&chname=My_Cinema_Asia

#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=Mozilla/5.0 (QtEmbedded; U; Linux; C) AppleWebKit/533.3 (KHTML, like Gecko) MAG200 stbapp ver: 2 rev: 250 Safari/533.3
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MjhkOWZkZjYtOGViOC0zNTkzLWFhOWEtNGFhMzJkMDk3NGE2
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" group-title="DENS TV" tvg-logo="", Zee Bioskop
http://210.210.155.35/qwr9ew/s/s32/index10.m3u8?app_type=web&userid=50n13N0v14nd1&tkn=829341hrjhaq0q30q&chname=Zee_Bioskop

#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=Mozilla/5.0 (QtEmbedded; U; Linux; C) AppleWebKit/533.3 (KHTML, like Gecko) MAG200 stbapp ver: 2 rev: 250 Safari/533.3
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MjhkOWZkZjYtOGViOC0zNTkzLWFhOWEtNGFhMzJkMDk3NGE2
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" group-title="DENS TV" tvg-logo="", Thrill
http://210.210.155.35/qwr9ew/s/s34/index.m3u8?app_type=web&userid=50n13N0v14nd1&tkn=829341hrjhaq0q30q&chname=Thrill

#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=Mozilla/5.0 (QtEmbedded; U; Linux; C) AppleWebKit/533.3 (KHTML, like Gecko) MAG200 stbapp ver: 2 rev: 250 Safari/533.3
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MjhkOWZkZjYtOGViOC0zNTkzLWFhOWEtNGFhMzJkMDk3NGE2
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" group-title="DENS TV" tvg-logo="", CinemaWorld
http://210.210.155.35/uq2663/h/h04/index.m3u8?app_type=web&userid=50n13N0v14nd1&tkn=829341hrjhaq0q30q&chname=CinemaWorld_HD

#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=Mozilla/5.0 (QtEmbedded; U; Linux; C) AppleWebKit/533.3 (KHTML, like Gecko) MAG200 stbapp ver: 2 rev: 250 Safari/533.3
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MjhkOWZkZjYtOGViOC0zNTkzLWFhOWEtNGFhMzJkMDk3NGE2
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" group-title="DENS TV" tvg-logo="", My Cinema
http://210.210.155.35/uq2663/h/h192/index.m3u8?app_type=web&userid=50n13N0v14nd1&tkn=829341hrjhaq0q30q&chname=My_Cinema_HD

#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=Mozilla/5.0 (QtEmbedded; U; Linux; C) AppleWebKit/533.3 (KHTML, like Gecko) MAG200 stbapp ver: 2 rev: 250 Safari/533.3
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MjhkOWZkZjYtOGViOC0zNTkzLWFhOWEtNGFhMzJkMDk3NGE2
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" group-title="DENS TV" tvg-logo="", My Cinema Europe
http://210.210.155.35/uq2663/h/h18/index.m3u8?app_type=web&userid=50n13N0v14nd1&tkn=829341hrjhaq0q30q&chname=My_Cinema_Europe_HD

#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=Mozilla/5.0 (QtEmbedded; U; Linux; C) AppleWebKit/533.3 (KHTML, like Gecko) MAG200 stbapp ver: 2 rev: 250 Safari/533.3
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MjhkOWZkZjYtOGViOC0zNTkzLWFhOWEtNGFhMzJkMDk3NGE2
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" group-title="DENS TV" tvg-logo="", My Family Channel
http://210.210.155.35/uq2663/h/h194/index.m3u8?app_type=web&userid=50n13N0v14nd1&tkn=829341hrjhaq0q30q&chname=My_Family_Channel_Trial-

#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=Mozilla/5.0 (QtEmbedded; U; Linux; C) AppleWebKit/533.3 (KHTML, like Gecko) MAG200 stbapp ver: 2 rev: 250 Safari/533.3
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MjhkOWZkZjYtOGViOC0zNTkzLWFhOWEtNGFhMzJkMDk3NGE2
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" group-title="DENS TV" tvg-logo="", TV5MONDE Style
http://210.210.155.35/dr9445/h/h01/index.m3u8?app_type=web&userid=50n13N0v14nd1&tkn=829341hrjhaq0q30q&chname=TV5MONDE_Style_HD

#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=Mozilla/5.0 (QtEmbedded; U; Linux; C) AppleWebKit/533.3 (KHTML, like Gecko) MAG200 stbapp ver: 2 rev: 250 Safari/533.3
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MjhkOWZkZjYtOGViOC0zNTkzLWFhOWEtNGFhMzJkMDk3NGE2
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" group-title="DENS TV" tvg-logo="", Jazz Channel - Qwest
http://210.210.155.35/uq2663/h/h94/01.m3u8?app_type=web&userid=50n13N0v14nd1&tkn=829341hrjhaq0q30q&chname=Jazz_Channel_-_Qwest_Trial-

#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=Mozilla/5.0 (QtEmbedded; U; Linux; C) AppleWebKit/533.3 (KHTML, like Gecko) MAG200 stbapp ver: 2 rev: 250 Safari/533.3
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MjhkOWZkZjYtOGViOC0zNTkzLWFhOWEtNGFhMzJkMDk3NGE2
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" group-title="DENS TV" tvg-logo="", FIGHT SPORTS
http://210.210.155.35/dr9445/h/h05/index.m3u8?app_type=web&userid=50n13N0v14nd1&tkn=829341hrjhaq0q30q&chname=FIGHT_SPORTS_HD

#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=Mozilla/5.0 (QtEmbedded; U; Linux; C) AppleWebKit/533.3 (KHTML, like Gecko) MAG200 stbapp ver: 2 rev: 250 Safari/533.3
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MjhkOWZkZjYtOGViOC0zNTkzLWFhOWEtNGFhMzJkMDk3NGE2
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" group-title="DENS TV" tvg-logo="", Motorvision TV
http://210.210.155.35/uq2663/h/h09/index.m3u8?app_type=web&userid=50n13N0v14nd1&tkn=829341hrjhaq0q30q&chname=Motorvision_TV_HD

#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=Mozilla/5.0 (QtEmbedded; U; Linux; C) AppleWebKit/533.3 (KHTML, like Gecko) MAG200 stbapp ver: 2 rev: 250 Safari/533.3
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MjhkOWZkZjYtOGViOC0zNTkzLWFhOWEtNGFhMzJkMDk3NGE2
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" group-title="DENS TV" tvg-logo="", Bloomberg Television
http://210.210.155.35/dr9445/h/h03/index.m3u8?app_type=web&userid=50n13N0v14nd1&tkn=829341hrjhaq0q30q&chname=Bloomberg_Television_HD


########################## IPTV ID ##########################

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" group-title="IPTV ID",TRANSTV
http://iptvid.my.id/hmm/transtv.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" group-title="IPTV ID",TRANS7
http://iptvid.my.id/hmm/trans7.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" group-title="IPTV ID",INDOSIAR
http://iptvid.my.id/hmm/indoseear.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" group-title="IPTV ID",NETIZEN
http://iptvid.my.id/hmm/net.m3u8 
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" group-title="IPTV ID",ESCETEVE
http://iptvid.my.id/hmm/escetepe.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" group-title="IPTV ID",INDO&ANA
http://iptvid.my.id/hmm/indonesiana.m3u8#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" group-title="IPTV ID",CEENBECE
http://iptvid.my.id/hmm/cnbc_id.m3u8 
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" group-title="IPTV ID",ARAH.TEVE
http://iptvid.my.id/hmm/kompastv.m3u8 
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" group-title="IPTV ID",METROPOLITANTV
http://iptvid.my.id/hmm/metrotv.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" group-title="IPTV ID",TEVER..I 
http://iptvid.my.id/hmm/tvri.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" group-title="IPTV ID",NHKP
http://iptvid.my.id/hmm/nhkp.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" group-title="IPTV ID",K+
http://iptvid.my.id/hmm/kplus.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" group-title="IPTV ID",CE.NN
http://iptvid.my.id/hmm/cnn_id.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" group-title="IPTV ID",KIX
http://iptvid.my.id/hmm/kix.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" group-title="IPTV ID",DREAM WORKS
http://iptvid.my.id/hmm/drmwrk.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" group-title="IPTV ID",LINGUA
http://iptvid.my.id/hmm/lingua.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" group-title="IPTV ID",EGG
http://iptvid.my.id/hmm/egg.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" group-title="IPTV ID",ONE
http://iptvid.my.id/hmm/sone.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" group-title="IPTV ID",GEM
http://iptvid.my.id/hmm/sgem.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" group-title="IPTV ID",AFC
http://iptvid.my.id/hmm/afc.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" group-title="IPTV ID",AXN
http://iptvid.my.id/hmm/axn.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" group-title="IPTV ID",BEINSPORTS 1
http://iptvid.my.id/hmm/bskunyak1.m3u8 
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" group-title="IPTV ID",BEINSPORTS 2
http://iptvid.my.id/hmm/bskunyak2.m3u8 
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" group-title="IPTV ID",DISCOVERY
http://iptvid.my.id/hmm/dsc.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" group-title="IPTV ID",FLIK
http://iptvid.my.id/hmm/flik.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" group-title="IPTV ID",PARAMOUNT
http://iptvid.my.id/hmm/paramount.m3u8 
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" group-title="IPTV ID",MY CINEMA
http://iptvid.my.id/hmm/mycn.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" group-title="IPTV ID",MY FAMILY
http://iptvid.my.id/hmm/myfc.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" group-title="IPTV ID",MY CINEMA ASIA
http://iptvid.my.id/hmm/myca.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" group-title="IPTV ID",HISTORY
http://iptvid.my.id/hmm/history.m3u8 
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" group-title="IPTV ID",CRIME INVES
http://iptvid.my.id/hmm/crime.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" group-title="IPTV ID",KBS WORLD
http://iptvid.my.id/hmm/kbsw.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" group-title="IPTV ID",GALAXY
http://iptvid.my.id/hmm/glx.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" group-title="IPTV ID",GALAXY PREMIUM
http://iptvid.my.id/hmm/glxprem.m3u8 
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" group-title="IPTV ID",NATGEO
http://iptvid.my.id/hmm/natgeo.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" group-title="IPTV ID",NATGEO WILD
http://iptvid.my.id/hmm/ngwild.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" group-title="IPTV ID",NBA
http://iptvid.my.id/hmm/nba.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" group-title="IPTV ID",HITS
http://iptvid.my.id/hmm/hits.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" group-title="IPTV ID",HGTV
http://iptvid.my.id/hmm/hgtv.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" group-title="IPTV ID",HITS MOVIE
http://iptvid.my.id/hmm/hitsmovie.m3u8 
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" group-title="IPTV ID",TVN
http://iptvid.my.id/hmm/tvn.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" group-title="IPTV ID",TVN MOVIE
http://iptvid.my.id/hmm/tvnmovie.m3u8 
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" group-title="IPTV ID",HORISON SPORTS
http://iptvid.my.id/hmm/horisonsport.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" group-title="IPTV ID",USEESPORTS 1
http://iptvid.my.id/hmm/useetl1.m3u8 
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" group-title="IPTV ID",USEESPORTS 2
http://iptvid.my.id/hmm/useetl2.m3u8 
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" group-title="IPTV ID",FIGHT SPORTS
http://iptvid.my.id/hmm/fightsport.m3u8 
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" group-title="IPTV ID",WARNER
http://iptvid.my.id/hmm/wrnr.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" group-title="IPTV ID",TECK STORM
http://iptvid.my.id/hmm/t_storm.m3u8 
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" group-title="IPTV ID",TLC
http://iptvid.my.id/hmm/tlc.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" group-title="IPTV ID",MTV
http://iptvid.my.id/hmm/mtv.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" group-title="IPTV ID",USEEINFO
http://iptvid.my.id/hmm/useeinfo.m3u8 
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" group-title="IPTV ID",USEEPHOTO
http://iptvid.my.id/hmm/useephoto.m3u8 
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" group-title="IPTV ID",USEEPRIME
http://iptvid.my.id/hmm/useeprime.m3u8 
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" group-title="IPTV ID",ABC AUSTRALIA
http://iptvid.my.id/hmm/abcaus.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" group-title="IPTV ID",DW TV
http://iptvid.my.id/hmm/dwtv.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" group-title="IPTV ID",CNN INTER
http://iptvid.my.id/hmm/cnninter.m3u8 
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" group-title="IPTV ID",MENTARI TV
http://iptvid.my.id/hmm/mentaritv.m3u8 
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" group-title="IPTV ID",AN TV
http://iptvid.my.id/hmm/antv.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" group-title="IPTV ID",TV ONE
http://iptvid.my.id/hmm/tvone.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" group-title="IPTV ID",ANTARA
http://iptvid.my.id/hmm/antara.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" group-title="IPTV ID",BALI TV
http://iptvid.my.id/hmm/balitv.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" group-title="IPTV ID",DAAI TV
http://iptvid.my.id/hmm/daaitv.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" group-title="IPTV ID",NUSANTARA TV
http://iptvid.my.id/hmm/nusantaratv.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" group-title="IPTV ID",ATV
http://iptvid.my.id/hmm/atv.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" group-title="IPTV ID",JAK TV
http://iptvid.my.id/hmm/jaktv.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" group-title="IPTV ID",JTV
http://iptvid.my.id/hmm/jtv.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" group-title="IPTV ID",INEWS
http://iptvid.my.id/hmm/inews.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" group-title="IPTV ID",NHK WORLD
http://iptvid.my.id/hmm/nhkw.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" group-title="IPTV ID",FORMOSA
http://iptvid.my.id/hmm/formosa.m3u8 
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" group-title="IPTV ID",NICKELODEON
http://iptvid.my.id/hmm/nickelodeon.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" group-title="IPTV ID",LIFETIME
http://iptvid.my.id/hmm/lifetime.m3u8 
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" group-title="IPTV ID",INSERT
http://iptvid.my.id/hmm/insert.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" group-title="IPTV ID",RRI NET
http://iptvid.my.id/hmm/rrinet.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" group-title="IPTV ID",PANDA TV
http://iptvid.my.id/hmm/pandatv.m3u8 
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" group-title="IPTV ID",RTV
http://iptvid.my.id/hmm/rtv.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" group-title="IPTV ID",B1
http://iptvid.my.id/hmm/b1.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" group-title="IPTV ID",NICK JR
http://iptvid.my.id/hmm/nickjr.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" group-title="IPTV ID",ANIPLUS
http://iptvid.my.id/hmm/aniplus.m3u8 
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" group-title="IPTV ID",BLOOMBERG
http://iptvid.my.id/hmm/bloomberg.m3u8 
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" group-title="IPTV ID",DAVINCI
http://iptvid.my.id/hmm/davinci.m3u8 
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" group-title="IPTV ID",EGG
http://iptvid.my.id/hmm/egg.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" group-title="IPTV ID",CNBC ASIA
http://iptvid.my.id/hmm/cnbcasia.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" group-title="IPTV ID",ZEE BIOSKOP
http://iptvid.my.id/hmm/zeeb.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" group-title="IPTV ID",ANIMAX
http://iptvid.my.id/hmm/animax.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" group-title="IPTV ID",BABY.FIRST
http://iptvid.my.id/hmm/babyfirst.m3u8 
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" group-title="IPTV ID",INDIKIDS
http://iptvid.my.id/hmm/indikids.m3u8 
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" group-title="IPTV ID",DUNIA.ANAK
http://iptvid.my.id/hmm/duniaanak.m3u8 
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" group-title="IPTV ID",BIOSKOP.INDO
http://iptvid.my.id/hmm/biosid.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" group-title="IPTV ID",ROCK.ENTER
http://iptvid.my.id/hmm/rock.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" group-title="IPTV ID",ROCK.EXTREAM
http://iptvid.my.id/hmm/rockext.m3u8 
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" group-title="IPTV ID",BOOMERANG
http://iptvid.my.id/hmm/boomerang.m3u8 
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" group-title="IPTV ID",ETV
http://iptvid.my.id/hmm/etv.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" group-title="IPTV ID",CARTOON NET
http://iptvid.my.id/hmm/cn.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" group-title="IPTV ID",CNA
http://iptvid.my.id/hmm/cna.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" group-title="IPTV ID",CITRA.DRAMA
http://iptvid.my.id/hmm/cdrama.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" group-title="IPTV ID",CELESTIAL.MOVIE
http://iptvid.my.id/hmm/clstl.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" group-title="IPTV ID",CNN.WORLD
http://iptvid.my.id/hmm/cnmwrld.m3u8 
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" group-title="IPTV ID",CITRA.DANGDUT
http://iptvid.my.id/hmm/cdangdut.m3u8 
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" group-title="IPTV ID",DAVINCI
http://iptvid.my.id/hmm/davinci.m3u8 
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" group-title="IPTV ID",DUNIA LAIN
http://iptvid.my.id/hmm/dnln.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" group-title="IPTV ID",M.KIDS
http://iptvid.my.id/hmm/mkidz.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" group-title="IPTV ID",HOOREE
http://iptvid.my.id/hmm/horee.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" group-title="IPTV ID",IMC
http://iptvid.my.id/hmm/imc.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" group-title="IPTV ID",THRILL
http://iptvid.my.id/hmm/thrill.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" group-title="IPTV ID",KUNGFUTV
http://iptvid.my.id/hmm/kungfutv.m3u8 
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" group-title="IPTV ID",SERU
http://iptvid.my.id/hmm/seru.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" group-title="IPTV ID",MMI
http://iptvid.my.id/hmm/mmi.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" group-title="IPTV ID",MUSIK INDO
http://iptvid.my.id/hmm/musikindo.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" group-title="IPTV ID",STAR_CC
http://iptvid.my.id/hmm/starcc.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" group-title="IPTV ID",STAR_CM
http://iptvid.my.id/hmm/starcm.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" group-title="IPTV ID",C.DRAMA
http://iptvid.my.id/hmm/chinesedrm.m3u8 
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" group-title="IPTV ID",PRAMBORS
http://iptvid.my.id/hmm/prambors.m3u8 
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" group-title="IPTV ID",IKONSER
http://iptvid.my.id/hmm/ikonser.m3u8 
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" group-title="IPTV ID",SPOTV
http://iptvid.my.id/hmm/spotv.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" group-title="IPTV ID",SPOTV_2
http://iptvid.my.id/hmm/spotv2.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" group-title="IPTV ID",0_CHANNEL
http://iptvid.my.id/hmm/ochannel.m3u8 
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" group-title="IPTV ID",TvEdukasi
http://iptvid.my.id/hmm/tvedukasi.m3u8 
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" group-title="IPTV ID",BALI TV
http://iptvid.my.id/hmm/balitv.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" group-title="IPTV ID",JTV
http://iptvid.my.id/hmm/jtv.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" group-title="IPTV ID",MQTV
http://iptvid.my.id/hmm/mqtv.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" group-title="IPTV ID",MUHAMMADIYAH TV
http://iptvid.my.id/hmm/muhammadiyahtv.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" group-title="IPTV ID",MUI TV
http://iptvid.my.id/hmm/muitv.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" group-title="IPTV ID",TV 9
http://iptvid.my.id/hmm/tv9.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" group-title="IPTV ID",ALQURAN
http://iptvid.my.id/hmm/alquran.m3u8 
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" group-title="IPTV ID",TAWAF TV
http://iptvid.my.id/hmm/tawaftv.m3u8 
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" group-title="IPTV ID",MTA TV
http://iptvid.my.id/hmm/mtatv.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" group-title="IPTV ID",OUTDOOR
http://iptvid.my.id/hmm/outdoor.m3u8 
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" group-title="IPTV ID",RODJA TV
http://iptvid.my.id/hmm/rodjatv.m3u8 
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" group-title="IPTV ID",CGT DOC
http://iptvid.my.id/hmm/cgtndoc.m3u8 
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" group-title="IPTV ID",IDX
http://iptvid.my.id/hmm/idx.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" group-title="IPTV ID",TV5 MONDE
http://iptvid.my.id/hmm/tv5monde.m3u8 
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" group-title="IPTV ID",CCTV4
http://iptvid.my.id/hmm/cctv4.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" group-title="IPTV ID",TRTWORLD
http://iptvid.my.id/hmm/trtworld.m3u8 
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" group-title="IPTV ID",EURONEWS
http://iptvid.my.id/hmm/euronews.m3u8 
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" group-title="IPTV ID",MNC NEWS
http://iptvid.my.id/hmm/mncnews.m3u8 
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" group-title="IPTV ID",FRANCE 24
http://iptvid.my.id/hmm/france24.m3u8 
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" group-title="IPTV ID",U CHANNEL
http://iptvid.my.id/hmm/uchannel.m3u8


#############################################################################

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="GTV.id" group-title="RCTI +",GTV (720p)
#EXTVLCOPT:http-referrer=https://www.rctiplus.com/
https://d322b885qvsbxg.cloudfront.net/GTV2021.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="INews.id" group-title="RCTI +",iNews (720p)
#EXTVLCOPT:http-referrer=https://www.rctiplus.com/
https://d2hfpzcndkyscp.cloudfront.net/INEWS_2021.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="MNCTV.id" group-title="RCTI +",MNCTV (720p)
#EXTVLCOPT:http-referrer=https://www.rctiplus.com/
https://d33j155pv2xyba.cloudfront.net/MNCTV_2021.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="RCTI.id" group-title="RCTI +",RCTI (720p)
#EXTVLCOPT:http-referrer=https://www.rctiplus.com/
https://d35d0ifx19oopq.cloudfront.net/RCTI_2021.m3u8




